Marc Payne has had 13 close encounters with sharks and even lost a mate to an attack, but he says the risk of skin cancer is a far scarier thought.
If it is too hot for us, it is too hot for our pets, and yes, you probably should put some sunscreen on your pooch.
Federer stunned by Goffin at season-ending ATP Finals Posted David Goffin will play Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals after the Belgian's shock win over Roger Federer in London. 
Huge storm wreaks havoc in Kalgoorlie (photos) Posted | Updated More than 16,000 homes and businesses remain without power in Kalgoorlie after the Goldfields region is battered by severe thunderstorms and winds of more than 100 kilometres per hour. 
Full SSM survey results: See how people who live near you responded Explore the full results of the same-sex marriage postal survey, including breakdowns by state and seat-by-seat.
Ministers at odds over whether to include religious protections in same-sex marriage bill A split is widening within the Turnbull Government about whether religious amendments to same-sex marriage legislation should be debated this year or in 2018.
'Ten years in the making': Gunyangara township signs historic 99-year lease After 10 years of negotiations, members of the Gumatj clan in the community of Gunyangara in north-east Arnhem Land sign a 99-year lease that will give them control over development on their own land.
Greens win Northcote by-election, snatching seat from Labor Greens candidate Lidia Thorpe will become the first Aboriginal woman in Victoria's Parliament after the party won the inner-city seat from Labor, which had held it for 90 years.
AMA demands access to Manus Island asylum seekers The Australian Medical Association calls for the Federal Government to allow independent doctors to help more than 400 asylum seekers languishing inside the recently-closed Manus Island detention centre.
Brandis may incorporate human rights treaty to SSM bill An international human rights'treaty may be incorporated into a bill to legalise same-sex marriage, in an attempt to pacify conservative members of the Government.
Same-sex marriage divisions within Government reignite push for banking inquiry Government divisions on same-sex marriage are fuelling a new backbench push to hold a banking royal commission, with Nationals senator Barry O'Sullivan declaring the Australian people would support it.
What is it about section 44 that keeps tripping up our politicians? Quite a few things, actually. The troublesome section has already claimed 11 sitting or prospective federal politicians. So take a look at what the constitution says about who can be a candidate for federal parliament and who can't.
Steve Martin flags intention to take Jacqui Lambie's seat Devonport's Mayor says he intends to replace former Tasmanian independent Jacqui Lambie in the Senate and is confident he will get the all-clear on his eligibility - but a constitutional law expert isn't so sure.
Christopher Pyne's Twitter porn like 'has no security implications' Labor is backing off on calls for an investigation into Christopher Pyne's Twitter account being hacked and 'liking' a porn tweet, with frontbencher Anthony Albanese saying the party certainly won't support Cory Bernardi's calls for a Senate inquiry. How a robot discovered the porn 'like' on Pyne's Twitter
Queensland dairy farmers could be paid more if milk factory chief gets his way There are hopes a new milk factory on the Darling Downs will throw a lifeline to Queensland dairy farmers struggling from the supermarket $1-a-litre campaign.
'Free at last': Anti-Mugabe protesters march on Zimbabwean capital There are jubilant scenes on the streets of Zimbabwe's capital Harare, with tens of thousands of protesters singing and dancing as they demand President Robert Mugabe resign, hours before the 93-year-old is due to meet military commanders and amid talk he'll be sacked. They're the voice: Zimbabweans send Mugabe on his way with some classic Farnsey
'Rest In Power': Rock world mourns AC/DC's Malcolm Young Malcolm Young, guitarist and guiding force behind Australian hard rock band AC/DC, has been remembered as a "kind hearted soul" and the "greatest rhythm guitarist in the entire history of rock n roll".
Satellite calls likely to be from missing submarine, Argentina says Argentina's defence ministry says seven failed "satellite calls" that it believes came from a missing naval submarine were detected three days after it went missing in a likely sign the crew of 44 was trying to re-establish contact.
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees face water shortage as wells run dry More than 800,000 Rohingya refugees are stuck in camps in Bangladesh without dwindling supplies of clean drinking water. One Australian aid worker is trying to help stop the wells from running dry.
Gerry Adams to step down as Sinn Fein leader Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams says he will step down as party leader next year after 34 years, a move that will complete a generational shift in the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army.
I will never get over it, says mother of woman killed in Kenya Gabrielle Maina's mother speaks about the moment "she just went cold" when told her daughter had been shot, and urges Kenyan authorities to continue investigating the execution-style murder.
US nuclear general would resist 'illegal' Trump strike order The top United States nuclear commander says he will resist President Donald Trump if he orders an "illegal" launch of nuclear weapons.
AMA demands access to Manus Island asylum seekers The Australian Medical Association calls for the Federal Government to allow independent doctors to help more than 400 asylum seekers languishing inside the recently-closed Manus Island detention centre.
Lebanon's PM Saad Hariri in France, says he wasn't a Saudi prisoner Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad Hariri has arrived in France from Saudi Arabia, seeking to dismiss fears that he had been held against his will and forced to resign by Saudi authorities.
Katy Perry wins legal battle amid long-running convent saga A Los Angeles jury awards $6.6 million to Katy Perry and the Archdiocese of Los Angeles, finding a restaurateur intentionally interfered with the singer's attempts to buy a hilltop property that was once a convent by seeking to purchase it directly from the convent's nuns who disapprove of the pop star.
'I just ran, my clothes were burning but I kept running' Anggi Aji Pangestu's wounds leak through the white bandages wrapped around much of his body. He survived an Indonesian factory fire which killed dozens of workers. But sub-standard medical treatment and workplace exploitation mean there's more suffering in store.
Fiji knock out New Zealand in astonishing World Cup upset Fiji pulls off the greatest upset in Rugby League World Cup history by eliminating New Zealand at the quarter-finals stage with a gritty 4-2 win.
Is the RBA's model broken or merely bent as wages wither and jobs grow? Falling unemployment should boost wages and inflation, but it is not anywhere in the world. What have the RBA and other central banks got wrong?
Tabcorp-Tatts $11bn merger approved by Competition Tribunal again Tabcorp's merger with Tatts has been given the green light one year after the companies announced their intention to join forces.
The gender pay gap has narrowed to $26,527 per year The pay gap between men and women narrows but the blokes' club still rules when it comes to striking juicier salary deals, according to the latest gender equality scorecard out.
Queensland wedding vendors aiming to cash in on pink dollar With same-sex marriage laws set to proceed through Federal Parliament, tourism bodies across Queensland are moving quickly to angle their marketing campaigns toward gay and lesbian couples.
ASX set to rebound, Wall Street bulls rush to tech stocks As global markets rebounded from a sell-off earlier this week, the bullish trade is expected to flow towards the Australian share market today.
NAB sacks 20 bankers for selling 'liar' home loans About 2,300 customers, many of whom are from overseas, bought home loans with inaccurate information and may now be offered compensation.
CBA averts board spill, apologises for AUSTRAC scandal The Commonwealth Bank manages to avoid a "second strike" on its remuneration report from disgruntled shareholders, and apologises for recent "reputation damage" following the AUSTRAC scandal.
Channel Nine slammed over commentary team Cricket is changing and a former ABC Grandstand manager says it's time Channel Nine "stepped up" and changed too.
World Cup ins and outs After 18 months of qualifiers in every corner of the globe, the list of teams is complete for next year's World Cup finals in Russia. Check who's in and who's out.
ABC Sports Personality and Team of the Year Cast your vote in the ABC Sports Personality of the Year and Team of the Year in the 2017 AIS Sport Performance Awards.
Socceroos' triumph in pictures Look back on the Socceroos' 3-1 win over Honduras in the second leg of the intercontinental play-off.
The Dokic story we thought we knew So much of Jelena Dokic's career was played out in the public forum, and was heavily scrutinised by media and the Australian public but while the crowd was booing, we only knew half the story.
Sport quiz It's been a big week in sport, with the Race That Stops The Nation, the Women's Ashes Test, World Cup qualifying drama for the Socceroos and more. How well do you remember the week that was? Test yourself with our sport quiz.
Bring the pitch back While people will retain fond memories of this game, a chance was lost to cement something more substantial because of a flat, abrasive and worn pitch, writes Geoff Lemon.
Socceroos pull out all the stops Take a walk through the Socceroos' $250,000 charter flight from Honduras back to Sydney ahead of next week's second leg of the World Cup qualifying play-off.
Socceroos' best away performance It was frustrating, and there's still some work to do, but the Socceroos produce arguably their best performance on the road in some time in the 0-0 first-leg draw with Honduras.
North Sydney's Friday night lights Whoever decided that the Women's Ashes Test should be a day-night affair made a masterful call, writes Geoff Lemon.
Socceroos draw with Honduras: as it happened Australia battles to a 0-0 draw in San Pedro Sula in its first leg against Honduras in the intercontinental play-off for World Cup qualification.
Medal passed from Olympian to Olympian Michael Diamond's gold medal for shooting, which he was forced to sell to pay his legal fees, is sold at auction to a fellow Olympian who never won gold himself.
Ablett 'over the moon' The fairytale return to Geelong still hasn't sunk in for Gary Ablett Jr, who says his famous father is thrilled to have him home.
A drug with a tiny digestible sensor that tells doctors, carers or family if a patient has taken their medication has been approved in the US. But should it be used in Australia?
London's famed Old Vic Theatre says it has received 20 allegations of inappropriate behaviour by its former artistic director Kevin Spacey, and has acknowledged that a "cult of personality" around the Hollywood star had made it difficult for the alleged victims to come forward.
With many of the people slapping Ange Postecoglou on the back after Australia's World Cup qualifying victory being the same who previously called for his head, the coach has every right to consider a move to an international club where his footballing vision would be welcomed, writes Richard Hinds.
Social Services Minister Christian Porter says the Government has been reining in the Newstart program, the main form of income support for jobseekers, asserting that the lower average rate of growth in spending under Coalition represents more people moving off the payment and into jobs. RMIT ABC Fact Check runs the numbers.
Malcolm Young: AC/DC co-founder and guitarist dies aged 64 after suffering from dementia
Legendary Australian guitarist and AC/DC co-founder Malcolm Young has died aged 64.
Known for the powerhouse riffs and rhythm guitar that propelled the Sydney group to superstardom, Young's family said in a statement he had been "suffering from dementia for several years".
He was replaced by nephew Stevie for the band's last tour promoting the 2014 album Rock Or Bust.
Young started AC/DC in 1973 with his younger brother, fellow guitarist Angus.
Their other brother George Young, a member of The Easybeats and a producer for AC/DC, died in October aged 70.
While Angus Young, the group's school-uniform-wearing lead guitarist, was the public face of the band, Malcolm Young was its key writer and leader, the member the rest of the band watched for onstage changes and cut-offs.
AC/DC was consistent for over 40 years with a mix of driving hard rock, lusty lyrics and bluesy shuffles, selling over 200 million albums, surviving the loss of its first singer and creating one of the greatest rock records ever in Back in Black, the world's second best-selling album behind Michael Jackson's Thriller.
Malcolm Young died peacefully on Saturday with his family by his bedside, a statement on AC/DC's Facebook page said.
"As his brother it is hard to express in words what he has meant to me during my life, the bond we had was unique and very special," Angus Young said.
"He leaves behind an enormous legacy that will live on forever.
"Malcolm, job well done."
Malcolm Young's death leaves Angus Young as the only member of AC/DC's classic Highway to Hell line-up who is still playing with the band.
Singer Bon Scott died in 1980; drummer Phil Rudd has become embroiled in legal trouble in New Zealand since leaving the band, and bass guitarist Cliff Williams retired from the music industry last year.
Malcolm Young is survived by his wife Linda and two children.
Young told band to 'keep making music' after diagnosis
Malcom Young's family confirmed publicly he was living with dementia in 2014.
In an interview with the ABC's 7.30, AC/DC lead singer Brian Johnson said Young had told the band to "keep making music".
"Without any of that sympathy stuff, you know, there was none of that stuff around," he said.
"And he just said to keep doing it. That's the way he talked [he was a] straight shooter.
"So we did, and it was great."
Angus Young said it was easy to tell when his brother started slipping.
"Malcolm was always very organised [so] it was kind of strange. For the first time I'd seen him disorganised, being confused about a lot of things," he said.
"That's when it kind of, you know, hit me. Something was not right with him."
Rolling Stone said in 1980 that "the AC/DC sound is nothing more and nothing less than aggressively catchy song hooks brutalised by a revved-up boogie rhythm, Malcolm's jackhammer riffing, Angus' guitar histrionics and Johnson's bloodcurdling bawl".
In the book The Youngs: The Brothers Who Built AC/DC, by Jesse Fink, Angus Young said the formula worked.
"We've got the basic thing kids want," he said.
"They want to rock and that's it. They want to be part of the band as a mass. When you hit a guitar chord, a lot of the kids in the audience are hitting it with you. They're so much into the band they're going through all the motions with you.
"If you can get the mass to react as a whole, then that's the ideal thing. That's what a lot of bands lack, and why the critics are wrong."
School uniforms and gorilla suits
The Glasgow-born Young brothers who moved to Sydney with their parents, sister and five older brothers in 1963 formed the band in 1973.
They were inspired to choose the high-energy name AC/DC from the back of a sewing machine owned by their sister, Margaret.
Angus Young experimented with several different stage costumes at first including a gorilla suit and a Zorro outfit but the school uniform was a natural, since he was only 16 at the time.
The Youngs went through several drummers and bass guitarists, finally settling on Phil Rudd on drums in 1974 and Englishman Cliff Williams on bass three years later.
Their original singer was fired after a few months when they discovered Bon Scott, who was originally hired as the band's driver.
By 1980, the band was on a roll, known for its high-energy performances and predictably hard-charging songs.
Their album Highway To Hell was certified gold in America and made it into the top 25 Billboard album charts, and the single Touch Too Much became their first UK Top 30 hit.
But on February 18, 1980, everything changed when Scott died of asphyxiation after choking on his own vomit after an all-night drinking binge.
AC/DC discography High Voltage: February 1975
T.N.T: December 1975
Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap: September 1976
Let There Be Rock: March 1977
Powerage: May 1978
Highway to Hell: July 1979
Back in Black: July 1980
For Those About to Rock (We Salute You): November 1981
Flick of the Switch: August 1983
Fly on the Wall: June 1985
Blow Up Your Video: February 1988
The Razors Edge: September 1990
Ballbreaker: September 1995
Stiff Upper Lip: February 2000
Black Ice: October 2008
Rock or Bust November 2014
The band decided to keep going and hired English vocalist Brian Johnson at the helm.
The newly reconfigured group channelled their grief into songwriting and put out 1980's Back In Black, with the songs You Shook Me All Night Long, Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution and Hells Bells.
The cover of the album was black, in honour of Scott's death.
The band continued with a studio or live album every few years, blending their huge guitar riffs with rebellious and often innuendo-laced lyrics song titles include Big Balls, Beating Around the Bush, Let Me Put My Love Into You and Stiff Upper Lip.
AC/DC won only a single Grammy Award, for best hard rock performance in 2009 for War Machine.
ABC/Wires

First posted
Malcolm Young dies: Rock world mourns AC/DC co-founder and guitarist
Updated
Malcolm Young, guitarist and guiding force behind Australian hard rock band AC/DC, has been remembered as a "kind hearted soul" and the "greatest rhythm guitarist in the entire history of rock n roll" by his peers.
Young, who helped create rock anthems including Highway to Hell, Hells Bells and Back in Black, died yesterday aged 64.
A Scottish migrant, Young formed the band with his brother Angus in Sydney in 1973. AC/DC went on to release 16 albums, with 1980's Back in Black considered one of the greatest rock records.
The band won its only Grammy Award in 2009 for War Machine.
Musicians around the world have taken to social media to pay their respects to Young.
Many of his peers considered him among the greatest rhythm guitarists ever.
Some recounted touring with Young and AC/DC.
Others remembered him as a friend.
Many simply shared their grief at losing one of rock 'n' roll's most influential figures.

First posted
Victoria Police cop criticism over investigation of alleged assaults by Ballarat officers
Updated
Victoria Police has been criticised over its handling of an investigation into a Ballarat sergeant who has admitted to punching his neighbour on the footpath.
It was just after midnight when Samantha Mitchell knocked loudly on her neighbour's front door on a quiet street in suburban Ballarat, desperate for help.
"I was crying quite hysterically, I was very upset, very scared," the 32-year-old former real estate agent said.
A dispute with her partner had escalated, and she had been forced out of the house while her children lay sleeping.
"And then I heard a loud male voice tell me to 'f*** off', which really startled me," she said.
"I didn't expect that response at all, so I ran onto the street."
The neighbour was off-duty police sergeant David Berry, a long-serving member of the police force in Ballarat.
In a statement to police, Sergeant Berry has admitted he chased Ms Mitchell as she ran from his property after he was awoken "by the sound of a loud bang".
He told police he then hit Ms Mitchell in self-defence.
"I immediately threw a single punch with my right hand, fearing she was about to hit me and not knowing if she was holding anything," Mr Berry said.
"I was fearful of being assaulted myself."
Ms Mitchell a former police officer from Queensland reported the assault the following day at the Ballarat police station.
But before she could make a statement, a constable approached her and served her with an intervention order.
It listed Mr Berry as the one needing protection, due to "ongoing issues" with his neighbour.
"Police hold fears for [Sgt Berry] as there have been numerous ongoing issues with [Ms Mitchell] confronting [Sgt Berry] and his wife when alcohol affected," said the order.
Ms Mitchell was gob-smacked.
"I hadn't slept, my nose was still on the other side of my face, I had bruising, swelling, my eye was all bloodshot from the impact of the punch, I felt like I was going to be sick at any minute," she said.
"I'd been assaulted and I suddenly was being treated like a perpetrator."
Call for independent body to investigate police complaints
Six months on, the sergeant has not been charged over the assault.
Jon Irwin, a Ballarat-based criminal lawyer, has taken on Ms Mitchell's case.
"I don't doubt being a police officer's a very, very difficult job at times, but it doesn't give you carte blanche to take the law into your own hands and belt people," Mr Irwin said.
"You've got to ask yourself why is it that the police officer involved isn't being charged with unlawful assault or recklessly [causing] injury or one of those sorts of charges, that for the sake of the argument I would be charged with if I belted someone in the street.
"It does make the case for an independent body to be put in place to carry out these investigations."
Mr Irwin is not alone.
Legal advocates want the entire police complaints system overhauled.
"We don't have independent investigations of police," said Anthony Kelly, who heads up Flemington and Kensington Community Legal Service's Police Accountability Project.
"It takes far too long, it's highly inadequate and it means Victorians don't have access to basic justice."
The legal practice takes complaints about police misconduct allegations from all over Victoria, and provides support to victims through the formal complaints process.
"Police do have a lawful use of force, and a monopoly on that use of force, and they can use force when they need to," Mr Kelly said.
"It's when police overuse that power, or use excessive or inappropriate levels of force that it becomes unlawful and problematic."
Mr Kelly said the state's Independent Broad-Based Anti-Corruption Commission (IBAC) refers the majority of complaints it receives back to police.
"IBAC don't have the resources or the capacity or the training to adequately and promptly investigate complaints against police," he said.
"IBAC do reports, and they do overviews and they do audits, all of which are valuable and useful to improve systems.
"But until we have an investigative capability that is civilian [and] practically, hierarchically, institutionally independent from police, then the problems will continue."
Police capable of investigating themselves, union says
Criminal cases are being prosecuted against police officers over misconduct allegations.
Almost 30 officers are currently facing charges for criminal misconduct, including two Ballarat members charged with assaulting a woman in police cells in 2015.
But there are other complaints that never see the light of day.
Steve Jackson said he was assaulted by police two years ago, after he refused to produce identification outside a Ballarat night club.
"I was hit three times, and I woke up in handcuffs on the road, with blood pouring from my face," he said.
An incident summary from police states that Mr Jackson was staring "intently" at them.
"I don't know what I've done to even make them get out of their car to approach me," Mr Jackson said.
Police have since dropped all charges against Mr Jackson.
Mr Jackson received a letter from IBAC declining to pursue his case but it never listed the reasons why.
"It creates a lot of fear knowing that police are acting like this and not being held accountable for their actions," he said.
IBAC was contacted by the ABC but declined to comment for "legal and operational" reasons.
It said Ms Mitchell's matter was still under investigation.
The Victorian Parliament is investigating the way the state handles complaints against police with an inquiry into the oversight of police misconduct.
In its submission, the Police Association said it was opposed to any expansion of IBAC's oversight powers.
The union is "unconvinced that the present system is failing", and wants some of IBAC's powers reviewed, if not removed.
'Police look after police'
Ms Mitchell thinks otherwise.
"It doesn't matter about the law, I just feel like police win," she said.
"At any cost. They don't care what it does to a family, what it does to an individual, as long as police look after police," she said.
In a statement, Victoria Police said it was "changing the way it handle[s] complaints", with a focus "on ensuring we take swift action where needed".
"We do not believe that these issues are widespread across the force," the statement said.
The inquiry is due to hand down its report in 2018.
First posted
ARA San Juan: Satellite calls could have come from Argentinian submarine missing in South Atlantic
Updated
Argentina's Defence Ministry says seven failed "satellite calls" that it believes came from a missing submarine were detected three days after the vessel lost contact.
Key points: The calls lasted between four and 36 seconds
The ministry said it was working on tracing the location of the calls
A search of 80 per cent of the area initially targeted turned up no sign of the vessel, navy spokesperson says
The calls could be a sign the 44-strong crew of the ARA San Juan was trying to re-establish contact.
The calls lasted between four and 36 seconds in the late morning and early afternoon on Saturday (local time), the ministry said in an emailed statement.
Authorities said they could not confirm the calls came from the submarine, but said that was the working hypothesis.
The satellite communications were believed to have failed because of foul weather, a source in the defence ministry who was not authorised to speak publicly told Reuters.
It was not immediately clear what type of calls the vessel may have tried to make.
But submarines that are stricken underwater can float a location beacon known as an EPIRB to the surface that can then emit emergency signals via satellite.
The ministry said it was working on tracing the location with an unnamed US company specialised in satellite communications.
Argentina's navy said an electrical outage on the diesel-electric-propelled vessel might have downed its communications. Navy rules say submarines should surface if communication is lost.
The last confirmed location of the German-built ARA San Juan was 432 kilometres off Argentina's southern Atlantic coast early on Wednesday.
Argentina's navy has stepped up the search for the vessel.
But a storm with powerful winds and waves 6 metres high has disrupted the search efforts, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said earlier today.
The US Navy said it was deploying a deep-sea rescue mission to Argentina from California to support the effort, with a remotely operated vehicle and two vessels capable of rescuing people from bottomed submarines set to arrive in coming days.
Pledges of help came from Chile, Uruguay, Peru and Brazil, while the United Kingdom was sending a polar exploration vessel, the HMS Protector, which British officials said should arrive on Sunday.
A search of 80 per cent of the area initially targeted for the operation turned up no sign of the vessel, Mr Balbi said.
He said the crew should have ample supplies of food and oxygen.
Families hopeful 'this will end soon'
In the resort and fishing city of Mar del Plata, where the submarine had been destined to arrive before vanishing, a Catholic Mass was held in honour of the crew members.
Many family members of crew awaited news at the city's naval base.
"We're hopeful this will end soon to remain only as a bad memory," Maria Morales, the mother of crew member Luis Esteban Garcia said.
Carlos Zavalla, a navy commander, urged loved ones of crew members not to give up hope.
"So far, the only concrete thing is the lack of communication," he said on TV channel A24. "That's all."
If the search ends in tragedy, the episode could put the country's poor safety record in the spotlight, with potential political implications for President Mauricio Macri.
His centre-right government has set an ambitious target for cutting government spending and told Reuters in March that it had few funds at the ready to replace an outdated military fleet beyond buying aircraft for training pilots.
Reuters
First posted
So you're thinking of going off-grid. Disconnecting. Throwing off the shackles of the big energy providers and going it alone.
You'll be power-bill free, master of your domain and best of all you'll be helping the planet. Right?
With the home battery revolution well and truly upon us, the potential for Australian households to disconnect from the grid has never been greater or more tempting.
"[It's] being able to stick two fingers up to the grid operator and say I don't need you anymore," Dr Richard Corkish, chief operating officer of the Australian Centre for Photovoltaics, says.
But as the number of home battery systems installed in 2017 is expected to triple the 7,000 batteries sold in 2016, are household batteries really the clean, green energy alternative we're led to believe?
Feeding solar into the grid 'greens' neighbourhood energy use
If helping the environment is your motivation, the $10,000 or so you'd spend on a battery could be better invested, director of ANU's Centre for Sustainable Systems Andrew Blakers says.
"If you have a grid connection, you're better off putting the extra money into more panels to feed more power back into the grid."
Professor Blakers says that while we are still reliant on non-renewables like coal, feeding your rooftop solar directly into the grid helps to reduce the use of fossil fuels in households that would otherwise be drawing power from a coal-fired plant.
"You're greening your neighbours down the road."
And although spurious claims persist online that solar panels never generate as much energy in their lifetime as is used in their production, the time it takes for a modern solar panel to recoup its "embodied energy" is minimal.
"It's between six and 18 months depending on where it's made and the way it's made, for a 25-year life. So for 95 per cent of the life of the PV system it's energy positive," Professor Blakers says.
As Australia's carbon emissions continue to rise, every household run on solar stands to reduce our carbon output by around 18 tonnes per year on average.
Share Energy from rooftop solar can be shared on the grid.
going offgrid comments teaser We asked if you would go off-grid to help the environment, or if you thought it was better to stay connected to a renewable system.
A connected grid essential for a renewable system
Dr Richard Corkish also has reservations about the rush to implement home battery storage.
"I think we have a marvellous resource in the grid in that when someone has some excess solar energy and their neighbour has insufficient, we actually have an interconnection it's already there," he says.
He worries that a boom in home batteries may lead to issues with waste and disposal.
"There's obviously the resource consumption for the batteries and there's questions about what happens at the end-of-life of the batteries whether they go into the recycling stream and how much gets recycled."
While they both agree that batteries are a crucial element of a renewable energy system, Dr Corkish believes that storage should occur on a broader scale.
"The storage should be at grid-level. And then bigger and cheaper per-unit-of-capacity is possible, rather than lots of little [batteries]," he says.
"Things then become possible like pumped-hydro storage, which is almost always cheaper than battery storage and it can be strategically located where it does the most good."
Share Pumped hydro is one source of large-scale renewable energy storage.
Abandoning the grid has 'doomsday potential'
Dr Corkish says there are other considerations besides the environment that need to be addressed if there is going to be a large-scale migration away from the grid.
"We've got this doomsday potential where everyone who is wealthy enough to have their own batteries [might go] off the grid and all that's left on the grid is a few big users and poor people, who'll have to pay all the costs."
Under this scenario, electricity prices would be huge for anyone still using the grid. And if the grid were to be abandoned altogether, renewable energy couldn't be shared between generators.
Essentially, it would be every house and business for themselves.
But he doesn't blame people for wanting to opt out of the energy system.
"I don't think it's the consumers fault," he says.
"The problem's come about because of the way [the grid is] managed and the finances of it all. You've got to sell for very little and buy back for a much higher price."
He says that until grid operators offer the right financial incentives, people including Dr Corkish himself have a strong motivation to invest in their own home battery systems.
City of Sydney councillors hit out at 'irresponsible' anti-vaccination promotion on website
Updated
City of Sydney councillors have lashed a decision to promote an event featuring a prominent anti-vaccination academic on the city's official website as "harmful and irresponsible".
Key points: Dr Judy Wilyman's research has been described as "conspiracy theory"
The location for the talk will be revealed three hours before it starts
The City of Sydney's website described her as Australia's "top vaccine expert"
Tickets for the "vaccine information night" featuring Judy Wilyman were being plugged on the "what's on" section of the City of Sydney's website.
Dr Wilyman's research, including her PhD, A critical analysis of the Australian Government's rationale for its vaccination policy, has been criticised by members of the medical profession as "conspiracy theory".
Lord Mayor Clover Moore said she was alerted about the event by ABC News and asked to staff to remove the advertisement immediately.
"This is entirely contrary to our values. We support evidence-based policies in the interests of our city's communities," she told the ABC.
The promotion has since been removed.
Rachael Dunlop, from the faculty of medicine and research at Macquarie University, said having an anti-vaccine event advertised on the City of Sydney website infers it was hosted or even endorsed by the council.
"The nonsense that will be spouted at this event is nothing more than scaremongering and misinformation wrapped up in conspiracy theories and designed to scare parents into not vaccinating their children," Dr Dunlop said.
"It's absolutely harmful and could lead to the death of babies and children from vaccine preventable diseases."
Liberal councillor Christine Forster said she was appalled at the promotion and would lobby to have the event cancelled.
The inner-city location for Monday night's event will be revealed three hours before it is due to start.
"They should not be holding a function like this in rate-payer funded facilities," Cr Forster said.
"It's not the right thing to be doing. It's irresponsible."
Labor councillor for Sydney Linda Scott said the event was not being run by the city.
"We have an editorial policy that ensures people list their event responsibly," Cr Scott said.
"In this case, my view is that a controversial event promoting messages about vaccinations that have been refuted by science should not be an event that is listed on our city's website."
Event promoted online
The promotion on the City of Sydney's website described Dr Wilyman as Australia's "top vaccine expert" and said the event would address "urgent worldwide vaccine safety concerns".
She wrote her PhD at the University of Wollongong.
"Government, media and the medical community are pushing more and more vaccines on us," the event page read.
"Why? Their use of phrases like pro or anti vaccine are not helpful! It is time to have an open, honest and respectful discussion about vaccines."
Pressure has been increased on parents who do not vaccinate their children in 2017.
Earlier this year, the Federal Government subjected some welfare payments to a "no jab, no pay" policy as part of a push to ensure 95 per cent of children were vaccinated.
Prominent international anti-vaccination advocate Kent Heckenlively was in August denied entry into Australia, because of his "dangerous" views.
Screenings of the film, Vaxxed: From Cover-up to Catastrophe, caused controversy by linking the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine to autism.
The Australian Government in August launched a $5.5 million immunisation education campaign to counter the views of the anti-vaccination lobby with evidence-based information that parents could easily access.
A split is widening within the Turnbull Government about whether religious amendments to same-sex marriage legislation should be debated this year or in 2018.
Liberal senator Dean Smith's bill before parliament is widely supported, protects religious ministers from performing SSM services
Liberal MP Tim Wilson says it's odd traditional opponents of a bill of rights are suddenly pushing for one
Conservatives want a variety of changes, including allowing civil celebrants to reject weddings, and protections for religious charities.
Senior conservatives Peter Dutton and Mathias Cormann want these issues dealt with next year, to help ensure same-sex marriage is legalised before Christmas.
But Treasurer Scott Morrison and Resources Minister Matt Canavan have today demanded religious protections be incorporated into the bill currently before Parliament.
"I think now is the time to deal with these matters in one job lot," Senator Canavan told Sky News.
"[During] the next two weeks of sitting in both chambers, my understanding is there's not a lot of other business.
"The practical reality is parliamentary years become busy, and it's hard to carve out the kind of time you need to discuss these weighty issues."
Parliament has begun debating Liberal senator Dean Smith's bill, which is widely supported and protects religious ministers from performing same-sex marriages.
But Senator Canavan has said part of an international human rights treaty should also be included in the bill.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) states "everyone shall have the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion".
Mr Morrison agreed the bill needed to address "very fundamental issues of faith and belief".
"There are over 4 million people who voted No in this survey who are now coming to terms with the fact that, on this issue, they are a minority," he told News Corp Australia.
"We now need a bill that acts for 100 per cent of Australians, not 61 per cent.
"Whether someone is a member of an organisation that has a traditional view on marriage should be irrelevant to whether they can sit on a board, work as a doctor, work in the public sector."
Odd that conservatives now pushing for bill of rights: Wilson
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull last week said the Smith bill did not "impose any restrictions on religious practice or religious speech".
Same-sex marriage advocate, Liberal MP Tim Wilson, warned some of the changes being floated "may not be constitutional", including amendments relating to schools.
Some within the Coalition want religious protections to go further, for example by allowing parents to withdraw their children from school lessons that mention same-sex marriage.
Mr Wilson told Insiders that while the Federal Parliament had control over marriage, the schools system was run by the states and territories.
"I think they're going to find that might be a strong intervention into the power of the states to decide how to run state schools," he cautioned.
Mr Wilson said Parliament should be "very careful" about separately debating religious protections next year, saying this would push Australia towards having a bill of rights.
"It's an oddity to see many people who identify as conservative or socially conservative, who have traditionally opposed a bill of rights or charter of rights, now prosecuting this cause."
Labor frontbencher Andrew Leigh said he was also surprised by the group pushing for religious protections.
"I do find it odd that some of the same people who were saying that we need to weaken protections against racial hate speech are now saying that we need to change laws in the opposite direction on religious discrimination," he said.
"We can consider that issue, it's a pretty complicated one, but it can be kept separate from same sex marriage."
An Aboriginal elder who trekked 60 kilometres in sweltering heat in WA's remote Kimberley to seek help for his stranded family including his wife who uses a wheelchair thought he was going to die in the attempt.
Robert Dutchie, his wife, granddaughter, and five children were reported missing in early November, four days after they failed to arrive from a perilous journey through one of the most remote and rugged parts of northern WA.
All eight were rescued after a gruelling search spanning hundreds of square kilometres of bushland but police and rescuers say they are lucky to be alive.
Mr Dutchie, a diabetic, said he farewelled his wife after the car broke down, thinking he may not see her again.
"I was really worried I lost my voice, no water, I couldn't talk proper," he said.
"I told my wife, I don't want you to pass away on me she made me cry."
Acting Senior Sergeant Jamie Forbes, who had to abandon his own police car after it became bogged during the search, said it was a remarkable series of events.
"It could have been tragic in the end," he said.
"It was a great outcome. We were all very happy, but it could have been a lot worse."
Woman had to crawl through sand
The family's nightmare started out as a well-intentioned road trip from the community of Warmun to the even more remote Imintji community 200 kilometres away on the Gibb River Road.
Mr Dutchie and his wife decided to take a back road, with the three adults and five children squeezed into a troop carrier.
It is the kind of rocky, precarious track that only the most hardened four-wheel-drivers or experienced Aboriginal locals would take on.
On the second day of travel, the car's clutch gave way and it got a flat tyre, leaving the group stranded in the remote Teronis Gorge.
They were hundreds of kilometres from mobile phone reception, and were not carrying either a satellite phone or a location beacon.
After staying the first night in the car, they started the long trek to the Yulumbu community.
Mr Dutchie's 63-year-old wife Mary Lou is an amputee, but was forced to ditch her wheelchair due to the soft sand and had to crawl, with her great-grandchildren devising a way of rotating two mattresses in front of her, so she could crawl on those rather than the dirt.
Unable to continue, she and her 29-year-old granddaughter Myrelle decided to set up camp with the children, erecting a makeshift shelter from branches.
'My thongs were so thin from all the walking'
Having run out of food, the adults were able to draw on the bush survival skills they learned in childhood.
"We smashed up boab nuts with an axe, to make it fine and powdery, and all the kids really liked it," Mr Dutchie said.
Mr Dutchie set off on an ill-fated 60-kilometre walk to try to reach the Yulumbu settlement.
"The heat got me, because it was steaming hot I had my thongs, but they got real thin from all the walking."
By the time he was rescued three days later, he was sitting resting in the shade, unable to think straight but aware he had very little energy left.
"I was really worried, because I didn't have much left I was overheated inside and I couldn't go on anymore so I started making short steps, I could hardly go on anymore," he said.
Tough search ends in relief
Acting Senior Sergeant Forbes said the search for the family had been challenging, and it had been a huge relief to find them at their makeshift camp, sheltering from the sun.
"But then we were notified Robert Dutchie wasn't there. He'd walked off two days ago to get help, and we were quite concerned to be honest," he said.
Five hours later, a helicopter search team from Mornington Station found the exhausted Aboriginal elder 60 kilometres from the group.
Dazed and dehydrated, he was helped into the helicopter and flown to Yulumbu for a tearful reunion with his wife and family.
A week later, Mr Dutchie and Ms Bedford are still recovering from the ordeal.
"Another couple of hours more I would have been dead," Mr Dutchie said.
"I was lucky, I'm still alive."
Police said the case was a reminder of the importance of carrying emergency communication equipment, and people staying with their vehicle if they became lost or bogged.
A top United States nuclear commander says he would resist President Donald Trump if he ordered an "illegal" launch of nuclear weapons.
Key points: General John Hyten says he will provide advice to Mr Trump, who will tell him what to do
"If you execute an unlawful order, you will go to jail," General Hyten says
Pentagon has not responded to General Hyten's comments
Air Force General John Hyten, commander of the US Strategic Command (STRATCOM), told an audience at the Halifax International Security Forum in Nova Scotia, Canada that he had given a lot of thought to what he would say if he received such an order.
"I think some people think we're stupid," he said in response to a question about such a scenario.
"We're not stupid people. We think about these things a lot. When you have this responsibility, how do you not think about it?
As head of STRATCOM "I provide advice to the president, he will tell me what to do," he said in his remarks, seen in a video posted on the forum's Facebook page.
"And if it's illegal, guess what's going to happen? I'm going to say, 'Mr President, that's illegal'."
General Hyten said running through scenarios of how to react in the event of an illegal order was standard practice.
"If you execute an unlawful order, you will go to jail. You could go to jail for the rest of your life," he said.
The Pentagon did not immediately respond to a request for comment on General Hyten's remarks.
His comments came after questions by US senators, including Mr Trump's fellow Republicans, about his authority to wage war, use nuclear weapons and enter into or end international agreements, amid concern that tensions over North Korea's nuclear and missile programs could lead to hostilities.
Mr Trump has traded insults and threats with North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un and threatened in his maiden United Nations address to "totally destroy" the country of 26 million people if it threatened the US.
Some senators want legislation to alter the nuclear authority of Mr Trump and a Senate committee on Tuesday held the first congressional hearing in more than four decades on the president's authority to launch a nuclear strike.
In 1996, the International Court of Justice advised that the use of nuclear weapons was illegal but said it could not "conclude definitively whether the threat or use of nuclear weapons would be lawful or unlawful in an extreme circumstance of self-defence, in which the very survival of a State would be at stake."
World welterweight champion Jeff Horn and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were the opening acts for the respective Labor and LNP leaders' campaign launches.
Horn introduced Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk to Labor members at a low key event on the Gold Coast.
"There were lots of doubters last fight who didn't believe I couldn't beat Manny Pacquiao, the 11-time world champion in July," Horn said
"Annastacia Palaszczuk believed in me where many other people wouldn't.
"She backed my title defence and I back hers."
Ms Palaszczuk announced the $20,000 first home owners' grant will be extended for six months to June, incentives for businesses to employ out-of-work over 55s, and $107 million to attract and mentor new teachers.
"I will never promise something I can't deliver," she said.
In a jab to the LNP, Ms Palaszczuk gestured to a woman in the audience she said consoled nursing colleagues after they lost jobs under the Newman government.
She also reaffirmed her commitment to shun One Nation and capitalised on Opposition Leader Tim Nicholls' recent suggestions he will accept support from the party.
"Through his deal, Tim Nicholls is saying he prefers the values of One Nation; their values are his," she said.
"One Nation's candidates are his.
"Tim Nicholls is saying he prefers intolerance and exclusion."
Nicholls' pitch to the 'forgotten people'
Mr Nicholls made a pitch to potential One Nation voters the centrepiece of his campaign launch, pledging to help re-skill and re-train the middle-aged men and women "forgotten" by changes in the labour market.
The launch, held at a Brisbane rock venue this morning, was attended by Mr Turnbull and former premiers Campbell Newman, Rob Borbidge and Mike Ahern.
Mr Nicholls told the party faithful, technology and automation risk creating a "forgotten generation crisis" of "mature aged workers who have been sidelined by technology".
"I know that change is hard, especially when it's outside your control," Mr Nicholls said.
"I know that routine is easier than change. I know that change can be scary.
"An LNP government will provide greater support for mature-age workers who lose their job and need to retrain or reskill so they can continue working and contributing to their families and communities while maintaining their pride and their self-worth."
That would be done with a $20 million program to advise on training and offer "tech-savvy workshops".
Mr Nicholls again attempted to distance himself from the policies of the Newman government, promising a "new LNP government" would offer a positive change and not sell assets or force redundancies on public servants.
"I have said it, and I mean it, we made mistakes in the past that a future LNP government would never make again," Mr Nicholls said.
"We have heard you, we know you're frustrated our policies are the answers to your frustration."
Mr Turnbull said his Government would be able to work with a Queensland LNP government to improve the economy.
"Only the LNP has the vision, and the plan, and the team, to get Queensland moving again," he said.
Australia's 38-0 thumping of England at the women's Rugby League World Cup has been overshadowed by a biting accusation against centre Isabelle Kelly.
The Jillaroos sent a clear message to the rest of the tournament with an eight tries-to-none defeat of the Lionesses in Sydney on Sunday which ensured they will finish top of pool A.
The emphatic win was marred after England prop Chantelle Crowl accused the Jillaroos outside back of biting her forearm late in the first half.
With the Jillaroos holding a commanding 24-0 lead at the time, Crowl remonstrated with referee Todd Smith after tackling Kelly.
The ground manager came onto the pitch and took a photo of Crowl's arm before the incident was put on report.
The match review committee will meet on Monday morning and if Kelly is charged, she will appear before the judiciary at NSWRL headquarters at Homebush on Monday evening.
It is the third such incident during this World Cup with Papua New Guinea's Wellington Albert and England's Jermaine McGillvary both accused and cleared of biting during the men's tournament.
The reigning world champions shook off the incident to go on with the job in the second half with Kezie Apps strolling over three minutes after the resumption to put the result out of reach.
England were touted as being capable of upsetting the Jillaroos on home soil but were soundly out-classed.
After Kelly stretched out to open the scoring in the seventh, the Jillaroos went 90 metres with Meg Ward breaking the line open and fullback Nakia Davis-Welsh going over under the posts.
Halfback Caitlin Moran provided the highlight of the match with a scintillating solo try in which she ran 30m and stepped off her right foot twice as the Jillaroos followed up their opening 58-4 defeat of the Cook Islands with another victory.
The Lionesses also have concerns after losing centre Amy Hardcastle to an ankle injury in the first half while halfback Kirsty Monroe came off for a concussion test early in the second half but did not return.
Jillaroos co-skipper Renae Kunst also came off late in the game with what appeared to be a calf problem.
It's a simple lyric but a powerful protest.
And it's not the only potent message the people of Zimbabwe have for President Robert Mugabe the man believed to be on his way out after 37 years of power.
Africa correspondent Sally Sara spent a day on the streets of the nation's capital Harare as thousands of people called for Mr Mugabe's departure, and filed photographs that capture the freedom and fight of that famous Farnham line.
There were jubilant scenes on the streets of Zimbabwe's capital Harare, as tens of thousands of protesters marched to demand the resignation of President Robert Mugabe.
Key points: Protesters hope rally will speed up official end of Mugabe's rule
Mr Mugabe is widely blamed for the collapse of Zimbabwe's economy
The 93-year-old is said to have asked for more time so he can exit with a veneer of dignity
The 93-year-old leader is virtually powerless and has been deserted by most of his allies since the military seized power last week.
State television said Mr Mugabe would meet military commanders on Sunday, quoting Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori, who has been mediating in negotiations with the president.
Former war veterans minister Tshinga Dube told AP "we are just going to properly send the old man away as early as tomorrow or so".
Many protesters were celebrating the army's role in ending his more-than-30-year grip on power.
"These are tears of joy," Frank Mutsindikwa, 34, said, holding the Zimbabwean flag.
"I've been waiting all my life for this day. Free at last. We are free at last."
The rally was supported by the army and members of the ruling ZANU-PF party, who have also called on Mr Mugabe to resign.
War veterans who until last year were loyal to the president are also participating in the protests and have added their voices to the chorus calling for a change in power.
Earlier this week, Zimbabwe's generals placed Mr Mugabe and his wife Grace under house arrest, allowing him limited movement while talks on his exit from office unfold.
He made his first public appearance since the military takeover at a university graduation ceremony.
Mr Mugabe's nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, told Reuters on Saturday (local time) that the elderly leader and his wife were "ready to die for what is correct" and had no intention of stepping down in order to legitimise what he described as a coup.
Speaking from a secret location in South Africa, he said Mr Mugabe had hardly slept since the military seized power on Wednesday but his health was otherwise "good".
Many Zimbabweans are growing impatient and want Mr Mugabe the world's oldest head of state to leave immediately.
Protesters hope a big turnout will speed up the official end of Mugabe's rule, which is widely blamed for the collapse of an economy that was once one of Africa's wealthiest.
'It's like Christmas': Zimbabweans sing, dance in street
Euphoric crowds gathered on some main streets in downtown Harare as cars honked their horns and people sang, danced, whistled and cheered.
"Zimbabweans are peace-loving people," one marcher told the ABC.
"We wait and do the due process, and I'm sure it will all come right.
"I'm happy, excited, elated there's euphoria in the country. It's good for us. There's new hope for better things."
"It's like Christmas," another marcher Fred Mubay said.
Early in the protest, soldiers approaching the demonstrators and urged them to head to the Zimbabwe Grounds where speeches were set to be delivered.
The Zimbabwe Grounds were chosen for the symbolism.
The location is where Zimbabweans gathered to cheer Mugabe's return from exile in 1980 after the liberation war from white minority rule.
Now crowds have met there and urge Mr Mugabe's departure.
Mr Mugabe's downfall is likely to send shockwaves across Africa, where a number of entrenched strongmen, from Uganda's Yoweri Museveni to Democratic Republic of Congo's Joseph Kabila, are facing mounting pressure to step aside.
The secretary-general of Zimbabwe's War Veterans Association, Victor Matemadanda, called on those at the anti-Mugabe rally to march on Mr Mugabe's residence, and live television footage showed hundreds of protesters marching in that direction.
"Let us now go and deliver the message that grandfather Mugabe and his typist-cum-wife should go home," Mr Matemadanda told the crowd in the Harare township of Highfield.
The crowds in Harare have so far given a quasi-democratic veneer to the army's intervention, backing its claims that it is merely effecting a constitutional transfer of power, which would help it avoid the diplomatic backlash and opprobrium that normally follows coups.
Zimbabweans abroad were also awaiting the end of Mr Mugabe's rule. Hundreds living in Britain gathered outside the country's embassy in central London calling on the leader to step aside.
The hand pump that Abul Kalam uses to fetch drinking water for his family of eight is good for about 20 minutes' supply.
But after that, Rohingya refugees in the sprawling Balukhali camp in southern Bangladesh must wait for its underground reservoir to refill.
"Our three blocks [about 300 families] completely depend on this well," he says.
Another nearby has dried up already.
"This will stop functioning in the next 15 days, or a month," the 45-year-old says, gesturing at the now-dry pump he'd just been using.
"I have feeling that we are going to face an acute shortage of water."
There are approximately 4,600 of these pumps in the various camps, making them the primary source of water for the majority of refugees.
But according to United Nation figures, a third of them are either dry or pump contaminated water.
"This is a city, living off shallow hand pumps that are drying up every day," says Australian Red Cross water engineer Mark Handby.
Mr Handby, who is from western Victoria, shows the ABC one open reservoir in the Balukhali camp, near where Abul Kalam draws his water.
"This has now dropped to a point, and become contaminated to a point, that currently we're not able to use it," Mr Handby he says as he points out algal growth.
"It was our urgent option, and now it's gone."
Race against time to secure water supply
Mr Handby says it's now a race against time to drill deep, expensive bores in an effort to secure supply.
"Potentially down to 300 metres," he says. "To ensure that we get enough water, and it's safe to drink."
The urgency, he says, can't be understated.
The only alternatives are trying to truck in water for hundreds of thousands of people, or moving the refugees.
Although the camps' expansion was ad hoc, the issue is not a lack of planning. The water table simply cannot satisfy the needs of the people who now depend on it.
Indeed Balukhali, one of of the biggest camps, means 'empty sands' in Bengali.
Taking into account earlier arrivals, 830,000 Rohingya are now camped there and in other settlements carved into the surrounding hills and paddies.
Bangladesh has long said it cannot sustain the refugees indefinitely, but that statement meant as a plea for international help is now a frighteningly real reflection of their impact.
Overcrowding is a 'huge problem'
Phoebe Goodwin, a Sydney architect now working as a planner for the UNHCR, said the biggest problem was simply "space".
"As you can see its almost a sea of roofs in front of us," she said from a hill overlooking the Kutupalong camp makeshift extension.
"So overcrowding is a huge problem."
Ms Goodwin is planning new extensions to the camps, and key amongst the tasks is trying to locate latrines away from pump wells so sewage does not contaminate the scarce groundwater.
Longer term, there are plans for rubbish incinerators, waste treatment and possibly a solar farm.
Aid agencies working in the camps say those services are essential to prevent disease and provide the residents a dignified existence.
However, Bangladesh has been reluctant to approve some bigger projects, for fear they will encourage the refugees to stay.
For most of the Rohingya refugees the ABC met the prospect of eventual return is a distant consideration, if that.
Their energy is focussed simply on getting by, on providing their families with the very basics of life.
Staring at the semi-functioning pump he'd just been using, Mr Kalam's request is simple, if problematic.
"We need more," he says.
"If this one stops functioning, then we are going to face severe water crisis."
Find out how you can donate to the Myanmar-Bangladesh Appeal.
Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou has confirmed he will meet with the FFA this week to sort out his future with the team, and whether he will take Australia to next year's World Cup.
Speaking on ABC's Offsiders program on Sunday, Postecoglou was asked about his future as the team begins preparations for its fourth consecutive World Cup finals.
Postecoglou has come under scrutiny as the Socceroos struggled to secure World Cup qualification, having to beat Syria in a play-off before overcoming Honduras in a final two-leg tie to clinch a trip to Russia.
Before the final matches, rumours abounded that he would quit his post even if Australia made it, as he refused to confirm or deny his intentions.
In a post-match interview with Fox Sports, the coach had sparked speculation, saying he was going to sit down with the powers-that-be and "bring it to a head".
Asked on Sunday when he would meet with the FFA, the coach said there would be a speedy resolution.
"It will happen this week. It's going to happen quickly," he said.
"Again, you don't want to be continually asked and I've tried to be as honest with people to say it will all be decided after this game.
"It wasn't just me trying to string people along. It will happen quickly. We'll have the discussions this week and we'll come to a resolution."
Asked whether he had made a decision in his mind on his future yet, Postecoglou said it "fluctuates" all the time.
"No, I can't say that I'm locked to a position.
"There are things there that for a whole range of reasons, you know, some are fairly personal, some are private, some are just me as a person, and some are professional, that all need to be put into place.
"And what's going to be good for the team is also a consideration. So all those things will be discussed this week and like I said, there will be a quick resolution."
He rejected suggestions that his relationship with the FFA and chief executive David Gallop could cause him to quit.
"A lot of people try to make out that I have some sort of a broken relationship with David Gallop or that. That's not how it works," he said.
"I don't work with people to become friends. I need to be supported to do what I need to do, and they've supported me 100 per cent.
"There is nothing that I've asked for. So it is never a relationship thing with me. It goes deeper and far beyond at that."
Coach says responsibility for "bad stuff" falls on him
In the interview, Postecoglou defended his strategy and his approach to the media.
"Four years ago, I took the job and I set us up on this path. I said, we're going to be bold, we're going to be ambitious," he said.
"The one thing I promised the players all along is we're going to share the good stuff. But the bad stuff is going to be my responsibility.
"If we don't qualify, if we didn't win the Asian Cup, if we went into the last World Cup and you know, we got embarrassed in any way, I would be the man in front of that.
"And I did that because I think that they needed to see the courage for that, and my payback for that was, you know, I'll be the shield and the person who takes responsibility if it falls over.
"So the last period where the heat has been on me and scrutiny about my position and all of that stuff."
Postecoglou agreed that the emotion following the win over Honduras showed the players were still with him, and that the team was united.
"I didn't do this as some noble crusade that I wanted to be a martyr. I believed in it too. I believed that we'd be successful.
"But I wanted the players to know that what I said to them from day one is if this falls over at any time, it's all on me, and they saw that in a public sense."
Ange felt burden as a home-grown coach
The coach spoke of the pressure of the job, and his determination to show an Australian coach could get the job done.
"That's why I felt the burden, I guess. If I was a foreign coach and we didn't qualify, I'd pack my bags, take my family and live wherever my home is. But this is my home," he said.
"I didn't want to be the Australian coach who failed to qualify, because there's even deeper ramifications, because the last time an Australian coach failed to qualify for a World Cup, which was Frank Farina, and I was with him, the game was on its knees.
"The next three cycles, foreign coaches took over.
"So I go if I stumble here and we don't [qualify], who knows when another Australian coach will get an opportunity? There was all these things that you carry as a burden."
'Anne' separated from her husband after a decade of physical and emotional abuse, only to find a lack of protections for victims of domestic violence allowed her ex-partner to continue to threaten, harass and abuse her from afar.
The Canberra public servant said the abuse by her former husband began in 2003, shortly after the birth of one of their children.
It continued for 10 years, resulting in physical and emotional scars, debts of up to $30,000 and Anne almost losing her job when photoshopped images of her appeared on two different sex websites.
"It wasn't an overnight change, it was so gradual, but after a while it just got extremely violent," she said.
"I actually labelled him 'The Teflon Man' because nothing would stick to him.
"He has never shown one ounce of ownership of his behaviour through the courts or otherwise."
Anne said the abuse got so violent she almost died from having an asthma attack while being choked.
"He tried to run me over with a car. He spiked my drink and had me [sexually] assaulted by a third party," she said.
"[I was] stalked, both by himself online and a friend in contravention of a DVO."
The couple divorced in 2012, but Anne said her former husband continued to remotely "wreak havoc" in her life in the form of online abuse.
"He actually said [online] I had participated in acts of bestiality," she said.
"But what was really troubling was he had found out our address.
"He was quite capable of giving that address out to just about anyone and have them turn up to the house with the children in the house, because I had full custody."
Anne said she twice came close to losing her job after graphic content on two websites, including a photoshopped portrait of her, came to the attention of her employer.
"I went to the police station [and] they said you are not the victim, the websites are," she said.
'I can't let him live in my head'
Anne sought assistance from Victims of Crime Commissioner John Hinchey, who asked ACT police to review the matter.
"They came back with the view that her ex-partner had committed offences and could be charged, [but] it took a while," Mr Hinchey said.
By the time police issued a warrant and attempted to locate Anne's ex-husband, he had disappeared interstate.
Mr Hinchey said it was difficult to bring him back to the ACT because domestic violence protection orders were not recognised in different jurisdictions.
Anne said if police had dealt with the situation at the first opportunity her ex-partner could possibly be in jail, rather than continuing to cause havoc in her life.
"We haven't had contact and I am still getting phone calls and emails from debt collectors about him, because he is still giving them my details," she said.
Anne believes her former husband is somewhere in New South Wales where he began claiming welfare payments from Centrelink in 2015.
But she said while he had a superannuation scheme, he still owed her $11,000 in child support payments, that she was likely to never receive.
Anne said she still did not feel any safer, though, in raising her children and grandchildren, she was determined to break the cycle of domestic violence in her family.
"I still have post-traumatic stress, I still have anxiety, but I don't let it define me," she said.
"I can't let him live in my head, I can't let him control where I go, what I see, what I do anymore."
DVOs to be enforceable interstate from next week
While it came too late for Anne, frontline services and victim advocates said there had been a great deal of progress in recent years to improve outcomes for other Canberrans experiencing domestic violence.
Revenge porn is now a crime in the ACT, as is drink and food spiking.
ACT Policing also has a specialised Family Violence Coordination Unit and the National Domestic Violence Order Scheme will come into force later this month giving victims automatic protection across all jurisdictions.
"There is a growing intolerance to accepting that someone can move from one jurisdiction to another and escape the consequences of their behaviour," Mr Hinchey said.
"It will be simpler for [victims] because they will only need to do something once and then there is an obligation on other jurisdictions to ensure that any breach of that order is applied to that person.
"Hopefully it will remove the attraction to move interstate."
Mirjana Wilson from the Domestic Violence Crisis Service (DVCS) said the new scheme should increase access to justice for victims, but the implementation of any new law still had to be tested.
"That requires significant resources, in terms of training police [and] the courts," she said.
And she said a much greater focus was needed to prevent domestic violence in the first place, including compulsory primary school education about respectful relationships.
"If we are going to introduce laws that are going to [have an] impact, then there is a responsibility to ensure that our children and young people are resourced on how to deal with that," Ms Wilson said.
"We may not be able to rely on families to provide that alone."
Domestic violence a 'concern for everyone'
The milestones in achievement for victims of domestic violence are being highlighted as part of 16 Days of Activism a worldwide campaign to eliminate violence against women and girls beginning on November 25.
The campaign hopes to make the eradication of domestic violence everyone's concern under their theme "Leave No One Behind".
"We need to get to a place in our community where the idea of this happening in families is completely and totally unacceptable," Ms Wilson said.
"In the same way that it has become unacceptable to hop into a car and not put your seat belt on, in the same way that it has become completely unacceptable to litter. In the same way that we have got screening for breast cancer, skin cancer.
"We need to be looking at how we can make family violence one of those things, which we are working towards truly eradicating and eliminating."
The Reserve Bank would have studied the recent snapshot of Australia's workplaces with decidedly mixed feelings.
Unemployment ticking down another notch was very much going to plan.
Wages growth stuck near its historic low was not. The trend is not new, nor localised to the RBA's patch.
It is also not supposed to happen according to the Phillips curve, one of the core beliefs of the big, inflation-targeting central banks worldwide.
Being at the heart of global monetary policy, the Phillips curve has driven interest rates movements, and by extension the cost of paying off our home loans and credit cards.
But if the curve is not broken already, it bent badly out shape according to UBS economist George Tharenou.
This central bank article of faith was drawn up by a Kiwi economist A.W. Phillips in 1958.
In its simplest form it postulates as unemployment falls, wages and inflation rise.
It is an attempt to put some intellectual rigour and numbers to the rather hazy NAIRU (non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment) or the rate below which unemployment should not fall without causing a wages breakout and rampant inflation.
To be fair to the RBA, Australia hasn't hit that theoretical point yet. But it is close.
Australia's NAIRU is currently assumed to be around 5 per cent, compared to the 5.4 per cent the ABS came up with last week.
A look at the US, where unemployment is now at 4.1 per cent, or the UK, where it fell to a more than four-decade low of 4.3 per cent, wage growth barely keeps up with inflation.
It shows something seems to be out of whack with central bank thinking.
Six reasons for the RBA to be happy, one why it is not
Mr Tharenou has tallied up a list of why the RBA expects wages growth to rebound.
Jobs booming to a post-GFC-high of +3 per cent annually
Unemployment dropping to a more than four-year low of 5.4 per cent, only modestly above NAIRU
The minimum wage by rose by 3.3 per cent, the most in six years, directly adding around 0.25 percentage points to overall wages
Record business conditions
A rebound of commodity prices which lifted profits, exports and nominal GDP by 3.5-to-4 points over the past year, and put upward pressure on inflation
A synchronised pick up of global GDP which is likely to continue ahead
All terrific, but as Mr Tharenou notes, despite so many "positive shocks" wage growth remains near a record low and will continue to disappoint, stagnating around 2 per cent growth.
Last month RBA deputy governor Guy Debelle expressed some unease about the expectation that under the laws of economics, wages would now start to rise.
He pointed out in the US, Germany and Japan wage and price inflation remained weak as unemployment tumbled below previous estimates of NAIRU.
"This can, presumably, only go on for so long, as eventually the laws of supply and demand mean that as new workers become increasingly hard to find, companies will actually have to pay higher wages to fill jobs," Dr Debelle said.
Mr Tharenou has his doubts.
"There is also still broad weakness of WPI [wage price index] across most industrie coupled with an even greater relative extent of weakness in average earnings, which are flat," Mr Tharenou said.
This, along with Enterprise Bargaining Agreements (EBAs) collapsing to a record low means it is unlikely inflation will get back to the RBA 2-to-3 per cent target band any time soon.
The expectation of low inflation is also keeping wage pressure in check, as is strong population growth of around 3 per cent annually, driven in large part by a rebound in net migration.
As Mr Tharenou points out, migration is increasing aggregate demand especially for residential rental accommodation but it is also a significant "positive labour supply shock", which is likely to cap wages growth for some time yet.
"In the past three years, the unemployment rate has clearly trended down, but wages still weakened further to new record lows," he said.
"The Phillips curve in Australia appears not just bent, but is arguably becoming broken."
Weak wage growth now on RBA agenda
Market Economics managing director Stephen Koukoulas said the world is still probably five years away from finding out the full impact of stubbornly low wage growth.
"The resurgence of globalisation and the impact of technology something like Uber versus taxis, low inflation but low wages is phenomenal for productivity but bad for workers," Mr Koukoulas said.
Mr Koukoulas, who helped develop the closest thing Australia has to an monthly measure of inflation in his days at investment bank TD-Securities, said the RBA by forecasting underlying inflation won't get above 2 per cent before 2019 the bottom of its target band does not have any margin for error.
Low wage growth is one of the key drivers behind the optimistic business/pessimistic consumer paradox. It may boosted profits, but it has eroded buying power and has forced households to raid savings to pay for day-to-day essentials.
"You can only fund consumption out of household savings for so long," Mr Koukoulas observed.
When household spending dries up, so will the biggest driver in the economy and business conditions and confidence may well topple from their current lofty heights.
The RBA now seems to be shuffling low wage growth up its list worries, having for long fretted about asset bubbles hoping that falling unemployment would do its job as economic orthodoxy and the Phillips curve suggested it would.
Judging by Dr Debelle's recent speech on uncertainty, the RBA still hopes the Phillips curve will deliver, but perhaps with less conviction than before.
"Our forecast is that spare capacity [unemployment] will be gradually reduced in the period ahead," he told a gathering of economists late last month.
"But, as it is reduced, we will be alert to the possibility that these developments we see in other labour markets, in terms of subdued inflation in the face of minimal spare capacity, occur here too."
Could be time for a new model.
Markets weaken on tax scepticism
Wall Street dragged the rest of the world down on Friday on its anxieties about tax.
Those anxieties are likely to translate to a mildly negative start to the week on the ASX.
On Capitol Hill House of Representatives republicans voted for their tax bill.
That is normally a promising start except when their party colleagues in the Senate have different tax changes in mind.
That uncertainty continues to weigh on markets with global equities down for the second successive week.
Over the weekend J.P. Morgan's strategy head John Normand argued US tax was just one of many spoilers hitting the market at the moment.
You can throw in weaker-than-expected China data, a Russian rethink on extending oil cuts into the mix as well.
Mr Normand said much of the US tax debate is already priced in and there wasn't a lot of optimism in it anyway.
On China's slowdown, it was also a pretty familiar riff, as was the uncertainty about the oil deal.
Mr Normand's overall take?
"Not much seems discounted most markets are moving on growth and inflation, not Washington," he said.
Construction may be bloated by gas
It is a fairly quiet week on the data front with third-quarter construction work (Wednesday) an early piece of the next GDP puzzle the only top shelf offering.
The previous reading was bloated by the technical inclusion of Darwin's Central Processing Facility. However, as NAB's David de Garis noted there was no net GDP impact given it was imported.
That gas story may well be repeated this quarter with the Prelude floating LNG platform arriving in Australian waters in July while the Ichthys' floating production facility arrived in August.
While the consensus call is construction work will be down around 2 per cent over the quarter, NAB has a 14 per cent rise pencilled in. But once again not a positive for GDP as both floating facilities were imported.
Mr de Garis said closer attention should be paid to the LNG-unrelated residential and non-residential building and public sector engineering work done.
"We expect it to have supported growth and represent still strong domestic construction patterns," he said.
"Anecdotally, with a very long period of dry weather in Queensland and NSW, there were minimal interruptions during Q3."
Overseas is too pretty quiet too, not helped by Thanksgiving Day in the US on Thursday taking a big chunk of the trading week out.
Australia
Date Event Forecast Monday 20/11/2017 RBA speech Head of financial stability Jonathan Kearns at the Aus-China property developers conference Tuesday 21/11/2017 RBA minutes Minutes from the November meeting where rates were kept on hold RBA speech Governor Philp Lowe speaks to business economists Graincorp FY results Had a big year last year, focus may be on a much smaller crop this year Wednesday 22/11/2017 Construction work Q3: Could be affected by the arrival of an LNG rig. Forecasts range from -2pc to +14pc Skilled vacancies Oct: Flat Thursday 23/11/2017 Woolworth AGM Woolies is fighting back, but investors will want to hear about the impact of Amazon
Overseas
Date Event Forecast Monday 20/11/2017 EU: ECB speech ECP president Mario Draghi in Brussels Tuesday 21/11/2017 US: Existing home sales Oct: Fairly steady Wednesday 22/11/2017 US: Fed speech Chair Jane Yellen speaks US: Fed minutes Minutes from this months meeting where rates were kept on hold US Durable goods Oct: A measure of business investment, may be softer Thursday 23/11/2017 US: Thanksgiving Day holiday National holiday. Bad news for turkeys. EU: PMI Nov: Measures of manufacturing & services activity. Both expanding Friday 24/11/2017 US: Manufacturing PMI Nov: Activity still expanding US: Black Friday Big shopping day, important for consumer spending
WA's football commission says it is disappointed by the crowd's behaviour following the final sporting fixture at Subiaco Oval on Saturday night, when fans ran onto the ground and ripped up pieces of turf as souvenirs.
The match, an International Rules fixture between Australia and Ireland, was attended by more than 30,000 people, many of whom surged onto the field after the final siren.
"In what was otherwise a well-behaved crowd, we were disappointed that some chose to dig up turf post-match," West Australian Football Commission chief executive Gavin Taylor said.
"I know the ground means so much to so many people and hope those that took a piece of turf last night look after it and keep it well watered over summer."
Sporting and entertainment fixtures previously held at the oval will move to the $1.6 billion Perth Stadium, which is due to open early next year and will have 60,000 seats.
Subiaco Oval's three-tier grandstand is set to be pulled down in the coming months, and Mr Taylor said there would be plenty of opportunity for fans to get mementoes of the ground.
"In the coming weeks we will confirm the proper process for people to obtain souvenirs from the ground including items such as signage, furniture, catering equipment, sound systems, screens and rows of seats," he said.
"However, there won't be any more turf on offer as we need to keep the playing surface in top condition for West Coast Eagles training."
Acting Premier Roger Cook said he understood fans' desire to souvenir a piece of the ground, but did not condone their behaviour.
"Obviously there's a huge amount of affection for Subiaco Oval, it's a place that we all grew up watching footy and other sports over the years," he said.
"I can understand why there is this great affection for the oval and we need to preserve its heritage value so people can continue to preserve their memories of it.
"I don't recommend ripping up the turf and taking it home but I do recommend everyone continuing to hold those great memories and thoughts of Subiaco and all the great sporting events that have taken place there."
Part of the oval is being incorporated into the design of a new inner city high school at the site that is due to open in 2020.

A man filmed painting over a George Michael mural in Sydney's inner-west yesterday has been issued with a court attendance notice.
The incident comes in the wake of the SSM postal survey announcement
The artwork, on the side of a terrace in Erskinville, was painted just weeks after the singer's death on Christmas Day last year.
Several outraged onlookers filmed the man, who can be heard labelling the mural "sacrilegious" and saying: "I'm defending my religion."
A police officer is later seen arriving before leading the man away.
New South Wales police confirmed they issued a 23-year-old man with a court attendance notice over a charge of graffiti.
He is expected to face the Downing Centre Local Court on December 7.
The incident comes in the wake of Wednesday's announcement of the same-sex marriage postal survey results.
Mural attacks escalate
The same mural was targeted by another man on Friday. He was pictured spraying the artwork with paint while wearing an Azztek Stone shirt.
Azztek Stone, a stone masonry company, later posted on Facebook condemning the vandalism and saying the employee had been stood down.
"The company is willing to compensate for the damage that has been done and return the art work to its original condition," the statement said.
"We apologise for any offence or harm the irresponsible actions of our employee may have caused."
The vandalism follows a similar incident last week involving a mural of former Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Cardinal George Pell in nearby Newtown.
Both murals were painted by Sydney artist Scott Marsh.
'We're not going to put up with it'
A group of residents set up camp beside the George Michael mural last night, encouraging passers-by to leave messages of support for the LGBTIQ community.
Angie and her husband were among those who stopped to leave a message.
"This is just disgusting," she said.
"I think many people are just devastated at what somebody would choose to do."
Trent Maher lives around the corner from the mural and said he was also surprised by the vandalism.
"This is a very tolerant community and a very inclusive community," he said.
"It's a very divisive act but we're not going to put up with it.
"We're going to stay strong and we're going to make it better and we're going to make it something about love rather than something about hate."
Mr Maher is calling for the mural to be restored to its original state, saying it is an important symbol for members of the gay community.
He raged, he swore, he sarcastically applauded the match officials. He even became entangled in a verbal spat with an England fan.
If it was hard to take your eyes off the England-Australia rugby Test at Twickenham overnight, the same could be said about Wallabies coach Michael Cheika's all-action performance up in the stands.
England coach Eddie Jones grabbed the headlines and even earned a rebuke from his 93-year-old mother for a foul-mouthed tirade during his team's scrappy 21-8 win over Argentina last weekend.
He vowed to be on his best behaviour against Australia, and he was.
Instead, Cheika took centre stage.
Never one to hide his emotions, Cheika unleashed a full array of them during a game in which Australia failed to get the rub of the green when it came to refereeing and TMO decisions and lost by a record 30-6.
"At the end of the day, that's my own way of dealing with stuff," Cheika said.
"I like to get it out and get on with it. I've been able to do it and manage it. That's my way."
Cheika sarcastically laughed out loud and applauded when Australia had a try by captain Michael Hooper disallowed for offside midway through the first half.
He was angry when the same player was sin-binned following a collapsed maul on Australia's line toward the end of the first half, with broadcasters picking up Cheika saying an expletive and then "cheats."
Moments after the half-time whistle sounded and with his team having just been reduced to 13 players following a yellow card to Kurtley Beale, Cheika "steaming" in his words headed down to the steps toward pitchside to get some messages across to his team and responded to apparent verbal abuse from some spectators.
"There are plenty of fans giving me a gob full, I can assure you," Cheika said. "And not nice, not pleasant. But that is the way it goes, the way it happens.
"I know when I walk down the stairs that I'm going to cop abuse but that's the way she rolls."
With England benefiting from two more marginal TMO calls in the second half, Cheika was seen with his head in his hands as the game slipped away.
He later cut short a TV interview after being asked about being seen calling someone a cheat.
The Wallabies coach said he would not be speaking to World Rugby about the performance of the officials he was clearly so unhappy with.
"No, there's no point," he said. "Everybody watched it. Just deal with what we can deal with. If you have to go and make submissions about that kind of stuff, there's no point going."
Compared to Cheika, Jones was calmness personified as England re-established the pace and energy to its game that was lacking against Argentina, at least until Australia came back strong in the second half.
"I didn't throw a pen today, I didn't swear I thought I would even up that with the other box," Jones said, referring to Cheika's antics.
"My mother will be pleased, I don't expect a phone call at 5 o'clock in the morning."
Cheika's mood will not have improved with the news that lock Adam Coleman and flanker Ned Hanigan are on their way home from Australia's end-of-year European tour because of injuries.
Coleman failed a late fitness test on a thumb injury sustained in the 29-21 win over Wales last weekend, while Hanigan hurt his eye against England. Neither will recover in time to play in the Wallabies' final tour match, against Scotland at Murrayfield.
More than 16,000 homes and businesses remain without power in Kalgoorlie after the Goldfields region was battered by severe thunderstorms and winds of more than 100 kilometres per hour on Saturday afternoon.
The storm uprooted trees, lifted roofs and caused extensive property damage in Kalgoorlie, Boulder and Kambalda.
Western Power crews worked through the night to deal with more than 170 downed powerlines and over 3,500 calls, while SES crews dealt with more than 100 call outs.
Kalgoorlie Hospital was without power for a short period, and four emergency generators have been sent to the city.
"Yesterday we prioritised hazards that were on the line to the Kalgoorlie Hospital and were able to restore power to the hospital as part of a concentrated effort on critical infrastructure," Western Power said in a statement.
"The intense storm front has left a number of distribution and service powerlines down which continue to present risks to public safety.
"Hazards are the priority which means unfortunately customers have been without power overnight."
Lightning during the storm is believed to have ignited a fire that destroyed a building on the corner of Maritana and Collins streets in Kalgoorlie that was being used as an art studio.
Owner Sue Turich said she was glad no-one was hurt in the blaze.
"I am sorry to see my building go and all my collections and dreams," she said.
"But at the end of the day it is a building and it is stuff and all of that can be replaced."
Western Power spokesman Paul Entwistle said crews would begin restoring power to homes as soon as possible.
He said in the meantime people should avoid fallen lines.
"We think we know where all the jobs are but if anybody sees something they didn't report last night give us a call on 13 13 51 and stay a minimum of eight metres away," he said.
Kalgoorlie Mayor John Bowler said he had lived in the city his entire life and had never seen anything like it.
"I drove home just to see how the house was and there wasn't a block in the city that didn't have a tree down," he said.
"Just in the last year council proudly planted 400 trees and I reckon we probably lost about 4,000 yesterday in half an hour.
"I'm very surprised that no-one has been injured."
He said the clean up was made more difficult by damaged power lines on the streets, and was expected to take weeks.
A Greens win in Northcote was not a surprise. But the manner in which voters flocked to the Greens' Lidia Thorpe in the once-safe inner-city Labor seat has shocked many.
Put simply, it was a smashing.
With nearly 80 per cent of the vote counted, the Greens had secured a swing of more than 10 per cent.
The defeat will trigger a fundamental shift in Labor's approach in Victoria and the issues it tackles.
And if the Northcote result is mirrored in neighbouring Brunswick and Richmond in 12 months' time the prospect of a hung parliament is very real.
It is bad news for Premier Daniel Andrews and his Government.
The Premier and his team have set a progressive agenda, one that most strategists (including in the Greens) believe should appeal to inner-city voters.
Renewable energy, LGBTI rights and new a train line are a just four issues that the Andrews Government has delivered.
And its campaign in Northcote was well resourced, energetic and had policies being delivered by Government including rental changes. Clare Burns was a good candidate.
Despite all of this, it was walloped.
The predictions are that the Greens machine will now march into Richmond and Brunswick at the election in 12 months' time, and it will not matter who the Greens candidates are.
In the inner city Labor is competing with the Greens brand, one that opposes the Adani mine in Queensland and slams the treatment of refugees, despite the fact the issues have zero to do with state government.
Ms Thorpe made a good pitch on traditional environment issues including Labor's reluctance to create the Great Forest National Park.
And a pitch to voters that they could make history by electing the first Aboriginal woman to state parliament while not toppling a progressive government was too enticing for Northcote voters.
Labor folk concede this was hard to fight against.
So where to for the Labor Government?
Within an hour of the result on Saturday Labor hardheads were already venting.
The pitch must now turn to the suburbs and regions, areas Labor must increase its grasp on if it is to retain Government in its own right.
Jobs, job and more jobs will be high on the agenda.
And voters should watch for a back-to-basics approach to education think building new schools in growth areas and upgrading existing buildings and more emphasis on health care.
Infrastructure will be a key topic and neutralising any attacks on law and order will be critical.
And on top of this will be a cost of living focus, how can the Labor government convince voters struggling with bills not people with expensive homes in the inner city that it is fighting for them to make their lives easier.
Labor will also work even harder to win seats off the Coalition to offset any more inner city losses to the Greens.
Some in Labor caution that a by-election was always going to be a tough fight, especially when voters knew the Andrews Government would not fall.
The turnout in Northcote was also low, but where the absent 20 per cent of people voters would have parked their vote is unlikely to have stemmed the tide.
Labor now only has 45 MPs in the 88-member Lower House, and with the Speaker Colin Brooks not voting, it only commands 44 votes.
It can rely on former Labor MP Don Nardella for support on controversial bills but a police investigation hangs over his head due to the residential entitlements saga, and who knows what sidelined Labor MP Jane Garrett will do now that she has lost her bid for preselection in the Upper House.
The Liberal party did not field a candidate on Saturday, preferences from it usually flow to the ALP against the Greens.
So desperate were the ALP for preferences that it was accused of paying people to hand out for the Liberal Democrats.
And while the focus was on Northcote this weekend, at the Liberal Party's state council in Warragul the new state director Nick Demiris outlined a scenario in which the party did not field any candidates in any inner city electorates.
The plan is designed to force Labor to campaign hard like they did in Northcote in Richmond and Brunswick to stretch their resources.
But after Saturday's result it is unlikely Labor will put as much focus on the inner city.
The art of documenting plants and flowers is having a resurgence, with more and more people wanting to draw what they see rather than take photos.
Illustrations of native Australian plants and flowers have come into fashion, especially with young adults keen to learn the artform.
Botanical art involves documenting plant life, not only for art, but also for science and environmental research.
"We're having an issue as all our workshops are full, right across Queensland," Dr Nita Lester, president the Botanical Artists' Society of Queensland, said.
"People now see it across the world as an important artform.
"It's been wonderful to work one on one and to show anyone how to create the work and see the flowers unfold on the paper."
Drawings better than photos
Although photos are often taken to document plant life, Dr Lester said drawings were more important.
"A photograph is great as you get an instant record, but a botanical artist records the whole life cycle of the plant, so in one composition it can have the buds, dying flowers, right through to the fruit and seeds," she said.
"It's all captured, whereas with a photo it's only one moment in time, so that's the big difference."
She said before artists put paintbrush to paper, many botanical artists undertook months of research.
"Sometimes they choose a species first as it could be endangered; in other cases they have been commissioned for the work to be placed in records," Dr Lester said.
A changing artform
As the artform evolves, Dr Lester said insects and animals were being added to the images, which was not done traditionally.
"Many of the botanical pieces now also include the pollinators like the bees, ants or birds, whereas in the past it was just strictly the plants," she said.
"We look at things we grow in our gardens or what we see while we walk the dog and then record it."
Most artists use watercolours, pen and ink, scraper boards and acrylic to record the plants.
"There is such an array of works which botanists create, colourful works, green works and black and white ... it's so varied," Dr Lester said.
"When you look at the pieces, everyone sees the same thing in a different way.
"You could have an exhibition just on violets, and that's what makes it special as well."
Award-winning botanical artists
Dr Lester said the botanical artists' community was a very passionate one, especially Queenslanders.
"We're at the top of the game," she said.
"We have botanical artists and illustrators that are recognised around the world and have obtained gold and silver medals in the UK and been printed in National Geographic.
"They are kind, gentle and caring and have a good understanding of the whole environment."
The Botanical Artists' Society of Queensland exhibition Floressence runs till November 20 at Mt Coot-tha Auditorium, Brisbane.
The partner of a New South Wales farmer who was found dead on his property earlier this year has been charged with his murder.
Grazier Mathew Dunbar died on his farm at Walcha in northern New South Wales in August.
A funeral announcement for the 42-year-old called for donations to mental health organisation, the Black Dog Institute, but police set up a strike force to investigate the death and treated it as suspicious.
Mr Dunbar's partner Natasha Beth Darcy was arrested on Saturday morning at the Walcha property where she lived with Mr Dunbar and was taken to Tamworth police station.
New South Wales Police say she was questioned on Saturday afternoon before being charged with murder.
The 42-year-old remains behind bars after appearing at Tamworth Local Court on Sunday.
Ms Darcy will front Tamworth Local Court again tomorrow.
Mr Dunbar owned a sheep grazing company in Walcha and was remembered by friends as a "thoughtful, kind man" who was involved in the community.
The mother of Australian woman Gabrielle Maina has spoken of the moment "she just went cold" after learning of her daughter's execution-style shooting death in Nairobi.
Speaking for the first time, Janet Flanagan said she did not believe her daughter's husband had any involvement in the death.
Ms Maina, 40, was shot dead while walking home on October 19.
The teacher was a popular member of the community in Karen, and Kenyan police initially arrested her estranged husband Cyrus Bernard Maina Njuguna and his cousin John Njuguna Waithira in connection to her murder.
"I couldn't believe it, I am very fond of Cyrus and I've had a lot to do with him in the past and I didn't believe it," Ms Flanagan said.
They were later released without charge.
The calls and text messages of both men who maintain their innocence continue to be analysed by detectives.
"I would hope [the police] will keep investigating until they catch whoever did it," Ms Flanagan said.
Ms Maina moved to Kenya in 2015 and was the head teacher at Hillcrest Preparatory School.
A post-mortem found she died from a single gunshot wound to the neck.
The bullet travelled down her body and exited through her back, leading to her lawyer to suggest she had been kneeling before being shot.
'I just went cold'
Ms Flanagan, who lives in Foster, said she learnt of her daughter's death after waking to a flood of phone calls and messages from friends.
"Somebody was saying, 'Oh my god, we're so sorry' and straight away my heart dropped and I thought there's something wrong with Gabi," Ms Flanagan said.
"It's broken my heart and I will never get over it."
Ms Maina was separated from her husband. The couple's two children are living with him.
"I just went cold," Ms Flanagan said.
"A policeman came around and told me what happened and asked me if there was anything he could do for me.
"I said: Not unless you can raise people from the dead.
"Nobody could do anything but bring her back."
Gabrielle Maina's death was initially believed to be a botched robbery as her handbag and mobile phone were stolen.
Police are now investigating a possible link between the shooting death of Ms Maina and an armed robbery on the same road in March this year.
Ms Maina was remembered at a memorial held in her home town of Armidale last week.
"She was a strong woman," Ms Maina's brother Simon Phillips said in a eulogy.
"In a world that too often shows too little respect and too little love towards women, she showed immense courage and tenacity to live a life committed to the nourishment of all."
Abalone diver Marc Payne swims with sharks every day as he dives to the ocean floor off Western Australia's south coast but it is the risk of skin cancer that haunts the 50-year-old diving veteran more than the prospect of being mauled by a white pointer.
Mr Payne has been diving in the Southern Ocean for the past 28 years and has had 13 close encounters with sharks.
He has lost a workmate to the ocean's most feared predator, but for him the terror of the surgeon's scalpel is far worse.
Mr Payne has had 20 basal cell carcinomas cut out from around his eyes, nose and his neck.
"To me I'm at peace with the environment I work in, but the sun is one of the most threatening things for me," he said.
"I might be a hardcore abalone diver but going to see the doctor about skin cancer is pretty scary.
"I've had a few scares along the way, I get called in to see the doctor and you are not really sure, it's always a scary wait and that there is one of the scary things you've got to deal with, but to me that wait is quite often more terrifying than something like a shark."
He has worked the 800-kilometre coastline from the South Australian border to Hamelin Bay on WA's west coast since he was 21, and decades of sun exposure has taken its toll.
"There's no doubt the sun is one of the biggest concerns for me diving and working out here in the southern ocean, it's quite brutal."
From the deck of his abalone boat at Peaceful Bay on WA's south coast, Mr Payne wanted Australians to understand the risk they took exposing their skin to the sun was far greater than swimming with sharks.
"I feel really strongly about this, obviously being an abalone diver all the sharks and the things that happen around abalone is quite extreme but people don't understand that the sun is just as dangerous as anything we deal with out here."
We are still a sunburnt country
His personal story comes as a new Cancer Council National Sun Protection Survey released today revealed more adult Australians admitted they were allowing themselves to get sunburnt during summer.
The survey of 3,700 Australians conducted last summer also showed they were wearing less protective clothing than 10 years ago, as adults were became complacent about covering up and 2.7 million Australians were getting sunburnt on summer weekends.
"Melanoma is the most common cancer diagnosed in Australians aged 15-29 years," WA Cancer Council manager Mark Strickland said.
The latest research showed skin cancer rates were plateauing in the 40-plus age group but were still climbing in the over 60s.
Mr Strickland said part of problem appeared to be a growing complacency among people who believed sunscreen alone was a suit of armour.
"In WA, 230 people die each year from skin cancer and a further 83,000 lesions are cut from the skin from WA people every year, that's a lot of pain and suffering that could be avoided."
He wants the Federal Government to spend more money on awareness campaigns to remind Australians about the need to cover up.
The Cancer Council WA has not received Federal Government funding assistance since 2007.
Gerry Adams, a controversial figure in Irish politics for more than 30 years, says he will stand down as leader of the Sinn Fein party next year.
Mr Adams told the party's annual conference in Dublin that he would not stand for the next Irish parliamentary election.
His move will complete a generational shift in the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA).
"This is also my last Ard Fheis [party conference] as president of Sinn Fein," he said.
The 69-year-old has been party president of Sinn Fein, Northern Ireland's second-largest party, since 1983.
Some have denounced the divisive figure as a terrorist, while others hail him as a peacemaker.
He is known around the world as the face of Ireland's republican movement during its shift from violence to peace.
Mr Adams has been accused of being a senior member of the IRA, a claim he has long denied.
The party is expected to elect a successor next year.
Adams builds Sinn Fein into dominant Irish nationalist party
During the 1970s and 80s, at the height of an IRA bombing campaign to end British rule over Northern Ireland, Sinn Fein operated as the IRA's political wing.
As its leader from 1983 onwards, Mr Adams thus became, for many in Britain and Northern Ireland, the face of the IRA.
As a result, he was loathed by pro-British unionists and the British government, but lionised in equal measure by Irish nationalists.
Yet when the prospect of political progress arose, he showed himself ready to compromise, working with late former IRA commander Martin McGuinness to swing the IRA and the province's Roman Catholic minority behind a 1998 deal with the pro-British Protestant majority.
The Good Friday agreement gave the province's Catholics a share of power and largely ended a conflict in which some 3,600 people had been killed, both by Irish republican groups such as the IRA and by pro-British unionist paramilitaries and British security forces.
Since then, Mr Adams helped to build Sinn Fein into the dominant Irish nationalist party in Northern Ireland, overseeing its agreement in 2007 to share power with its bitter rival, the Democratic Unionist Party and, in recent months, its efforts to restore power-sharing after it collapsed in January.
Adams political career dogged by IRA accusations
Adams was born into a Belfast family steeped in revolutionary politics, several of his relatives having been involved in armed republicanism.
At 20, he left his job as a barman to help defend fellow Catholics from what they saw as a hostile British state, and to fight for Northern Ireland to split from the United Kingdom and unite with the Irish Republic.
Like his father, Mr Adams was interned held without trial on suspicion of being a senior IRA commander.
He has always denied membership of the IRA, although accusations from former IRA fighters that he was involved in its campaign of killings have dogged him throughout his career.
Between 1988 and 1994, Mr Adams was banned from speaking on British airwaves.
Former British conservative prime minister John Major, one of the architects of peace in Northern Ireland, once said the thought of sitting down to talk with Mr Adams had "turned my stomach".
But Mr Adams was at the time walking a political tightrope between IRA "hawks" who argued that only a continuation of violence would chase Britain from the island, and "doves" who said that negotiations were the route to a united Ireland.
He emerged from the political cold in October 1997 when he shook hands with the new Labour prime minister, Tony Blair, at their first meeting.
Sinn Fein had polled 17 per cent in Northern Ireland's elections and returned Mr Adams to the British parliament, although he refused to take his seat.
Within a year, Mr Adams and Mr McGuinness had helped to broker a peace deal that largely ended the violence in the province.
Since that deal, his role as statesman has grown, and he has made several visits to the White House.
In May 2015, Prince Charles met with Mr Adams during a visit that took him to the scene of his great-uncle's murder by the IRA.
Mr Adams was arrested in 2014 as part of an investigation into one of the province's most controversial murders, but no charges were brought.
In recent years, he has used social media to create a grandfatherly image in the Irish Republic.
Dozens of parasites, some as long as 27 centimetres, have been found in the ruptured intestines of a North Korean soldier who fled to the south, surgeons say.
"I have not found parasites this big in the intestines of South Koreans," a medical expert says
The soldier defected to the South on Monday
The defector was severely wounded by gunfire while escaping to South Korea and has had two surgeries, hospital officials say, but it was too early to tell whether he would make a recovery.
While the soldier's vital signs are stabilising, he remains unconscious and is relying on a breathing machine.
While treating the wounds, surgeons removed dozens of parasites from the soldier's ruptured small intestine, including presumed roundworms that were as long as 27 centimetres, which may be reflective of poor nutrition and health in North Korea's military.
"I spent more than 20 years of experience as a surgeon, but I have not found parasites this big in the intestines of South Koreans," Lee Cook-jong, who leads the soldier's medical team, told reporters.
Doctors measured the soldier as being 170 cm tall, but weighing just 60 kilograms.
Not clear if the North violated armistice agreement
The unarmed soldier, whose name and rank have not been disclosed, defected to the South on Monday by driving a military jeep near a line that divides the Koreas at the Joint Security Area (JSA), and then rushing across it under a barrage of bullets.
South Korea's military said four North Korean soldiers used handguns and AK rifles to fire about 40 rounds at their former comrade, who was hit at least five times.
He was found beneath a pile of leaves on the southern side of the Joint Security Area, and South Korean troops crawled there to recover him.
A United Nations Command helicopter later transported him to the Ajou hospital.
It remains unclear whether the North Koreans chasing the soldier fired at him even after he crossed into the southern side of the border, which would be a violation of an armistice agreement that ended the 1950-53 Korean War.
The United Nations Command, which is investigating the incident, postponed a plan to release video footage of the soldier's escape on Thursday.
The JSA is jointly overseen by the American-led UN Command and by North Korea, with South Korean and North Korean border guards facing each other only meters apart.
It is located inside the 4-kilometre-wide Demilitarised Zone, which forms the de facto border between the Koreas since the Korean War.
After 10 years of negotiations, members of the Gumatj clan in the community of Gunyangara in north-east Arnhem Land have signed a 99-year lease that will give them control over development on their own land.
"I think it's a milestone for us in a way, 10 years in the making to be able to get to this stage," senior Gumatj leader Djawa Yunupingu said at a signing ceremony in the small community of Gunyangara this weekend.
"Today marks a new kind of hope for our future and our children's future," he said.
The Northern Land Council said the model of the Gunyangara township lease was a stark contrast to the type of lease the Commonwealth proposed a decade ago, about the time of the federal intervention in the Northern Territory.
"The new model allows the township lease to be held by an Indigenous-owned and controlled entity," NLC Chairman Samuel Bush-Blanasi said.
It has taken 10 years for the Gumatj people to agree to sign a 99-year township lease over their land.
The talks over the lease began around 2007 between then Indigenous affairs minister Mal Brough and Gumatj clan leader Galarrwuy Yunupingu.
Under the original proposal from the Commonwealth, the head lease would have been held by a Commonwealth officer.
The Northern Land Council strongly opposed that model arguing it removed power from Traditional Owners.
"We didn't like the way it could take control from Traditional Owners," Mr Bush-Blanasi said.
But under this new deal, the head lease will instead be held by a community entity, which can make decisions about sub-leases needed for economic development.
The entity will also be able to issue those sub-leases without needing approval from the Federal Indigenous Affairs Minister or the Northern Land Council.
"Aboriginal people themselves will be in control of their own destiny," Mr Bush-Blanasi said.
Long-term hope for home ownership in Gunyangara
Federal Indigenous Affairs Minister Nigel Scullion, who had the final say on whether the Gunyangara township lease could go ahead, congratulated the Gumatj people on reaching an agreement.
"When you're dealing with land, this is the most precious commodity, this is in fact culture you're dealing with and that's why we'd expect Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to be very cautious about any new negotiations with land," Senator Scullion said.
Senator Scullion has advocated township leasing as a way to remove barriers to lending and development on Aboriginal land.
The Gumatj corporation already operates a number of small enterprises and hopes the lease will pave the way for more of them.
It also says the lease will give traditional owners control over how the corporation can build houses to accommodate its employees.
There's a long-term hope that the lease will also see home ownership in Gunyangara.
"For the first time, they'll be able to decide where the houses go, what the houses are and have title to those houses and perhaps one day maybe sell some," Gumatj Corporation CEO Klaus Helms said.
Not everyone has been happy about the lease. It faced a legal challenge from the Rirratjingu clan group, but that case was recently settled.
The Victorian Greens says it is planning an aggressive campaign to gain more seats at the 2018 state election after its victory in Saturday's Northcote by-election.
Greens candidate Lidia Thorpe won more than 45 per cent of the primary vote to end Labor's 90-year strong-hold of the electorate, and become the first Aboriginal woman to hold a seat in Victoria's Parliament.
The Greens now have three seats in the Victorian Lower House and five in the Upper House.
Victorian Greens leader Samantha Ratnam said with an extra member in Parliament, the party was well placed to push its progressive policy agenda.
"This campaign has created huge momentum for our 2018 state election campaign," she said.
"We'll be campaigning to win the seats of Brunswick and Richmond, retaining the seats of Melbourne, Prahran and Northcote and retaining all our Upper House representation."
Ms Ratnam said the Greens would continue to campaign strongly for the creation of a Great Forest National Park in the state's central highlands, as well as more investment in public transport and improvements to public housing ahead of next year's poll.
Victorian Opposition Leader Matthew Guy said Labor's loss in Northcote was "a smashing", and showed voters were sick of Premier Daniel Andrews.
The Liberals did not run a candidate in the by-election.
Mr Guy also backed comments made by Victorian Liberals state director Nick Demiris, who said the party may not run candidates in traditionally left-leaning, inner-city Melbourne seats.
"Let me be very clear, the Liberal Party is no longer a preference machine for the Labor party in inner city seats," he said.
"We're not there to roll up and get these people elected."
Police Minister Lisa Neville said the Government was putting the loss behind it.
"It is obviously extremely disappointing that we didn't win the seat of Northcote," she said.
"What is absolutely critical going forward over the next 12 months is that we need to continue getting on with the job in terms of delivering things that matter to communities."
The Victorian Liberals might choose to not run candidates in traditionally left-leaning, inner-city Melbourne seats at the next state poll, the party's state director has revealed.
Nick Demiris announced his intention to propose the shock strategy to the executive during a speech at the Victorian Liberal State Council on Saturday.
In past polls, Liberal preferences have been crucial for the Labor Party in securing inner-city seats over the Greens.
Mr Demiris said his party needed to re-think its political strategy, and "get tougher on preferences".
"I have an idea that might not be popular across all quarters of the party," Mr Demiris told a room of party faithful.
"In seats like Prahran, in seats like Higgins, Labor preference the Greens.
"Here is my message to Labor: The Liberal Party will consider whether or not we run in all inner-Melbourne seats in the coming state election.
"Because if we don't run in some inner-Melbourne seats like Brunswick, like Melbourne, like Richmond, maybe like Northcote Labor loses," he said.
Mr Demiris made his comments before Greens candidate Lidia Thorpe was elected in the seat of Northcote on Saturday, a seat Labor has held for 100 years.
He revealed the Liberal's strategy might include only running in inner-city seats if Labor preferences Liberal candidates above the Greens.
"Our position might be that we tell the Labor Party that if they don't preference us above the Greens, in Higgins, in Prahran, then game-on in their inner seats with the Greens," he said.
Victoria is set to go to an election in November 2018, and it is understood a decision on whether to go ahead with the move will be decided by the Victorian Liberals in the months before the poll.
Mr Demiris referenced the Northcote by-election during the speech, saying it showed the "ferocity" Labor had to employ to fend off the Greens.
The Liberal Party did not run a candidate in Northcote.
"A lot of people have asked me why we didn't run," Mr Demiris said.
"Well, if we had run in Northcote, we would have expended resources, funds, had a candidate, a campaign team on the ground."
"And we would have done OK. We certainly wouldn't have won, but it would've been a Labor-Greens contest."
"By not running in Northcote we have seen the ferocity that Labor has to go to, to fend off the Greens," he said.
Topics: state-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, elections, melbourne-3000, vic, northcote-3070, brunswick-3056, prahran-3181
First posted
Australia wins International Rules clash against Ireland but Selwood may be in strife
Updated
Geelong skipper Joel Selwood is facing a possible AFL suspension after being black carded during Australia's 53-50 win over Ireland in Saturday night's International Rules clash in Perth.
The 2-0 series win means Australia regains the Cormac McAnallen Trophy.
But the biggest talking point to come out of the match was the incident involving Selwood.
Selwood was black-carded just before half-time after cleaning up Chris Barrett with a late and high bump after the Ireland star had disposed of the ball.
Barrett lay dazed on the ground as his teammates remonstrated with Selwood.
The black card meant Selwood was rubbed out for the remainder of the match, but Australia could replace him on the field with another player.
The heavy hit lit the fuse, and an all-in push-and-shove erupted at half-time as tempers threatened to boil over.
If Selwood is suspended for the high hit, it would rub him out of the start of Geelong's home-and-away season.
Last week's 63-53 win in Adelaide meant Australia could afford to lose by nine points or less in Perth and still win back the trophy.
But that buffer was snuffed out within eight minutes as Ireland stunned the home side with two goals.
Australia goalkeeper Brendon Goddard was caught out in a one-on-one situation on both occasions, giving him little chance of keeping out the low shots of Chris Barrett and Gary Brennan.
Goddard rebounded from the early setbacks to pull off two important saves later in the match.
Ireland led 33-17 after opening the third quarter with a goal.
But from there Australia hit back hard, with the thrilling finish proving to be a fitting finale to Subiaco Oval, which was hosting its last major sporting event.
Nat Fyfe was named Australia's best player of the series, while Conor McManus was named Ireland's best player.
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk has ruled out working with One Nation. Opposition Leader Tim Nicholls has adopted a more pragmatic approach and could strike a deal with the minor party if that is what it will take to form government in a hung parliament.
The leaders' respective strategies have been a talking point, and the ABC has approached a former premier, two king makers and a political analyst for their take on how the cards will fall after the state election.
Rob Borbidge, who was Queensland premier between 1996 and 1998, believes Ms Palaszczuk's "no deal" declaration was risky despite it being a crowd-pleaser.
"You can't say to the voters the day after the election, 'I don't like the way you voted and I'm not going to play in the school ground'," he said.
If Labor or the LNP were not able to form a majority government, it would come down to the support of the independents to push them over the line.
"That may not be One Nation. That could be the Katters. It could be other independents," he said.
The former Nationals leader was tasked with leading a minority government, and said the setup only worked well if all parties were committed to political stability.
"It really gets down to the individuals that comprise the parliament and how sensible and how rational they are going to be," he said.
Parties warned against 'shotgun tactics'
On the other end of the scale, Nicklin independent Peter Wellington knows all about holding the balance of power.
The outgoing speaker has done it twice before, giving his support to Labor-led minority governments.
He said doing a deal always depended on who got elected, who you could work with and whose policies you could live with.
"Is it going to be like a blackmail situation or is it going to be more pragmatic with sensible negotiations where both sides can have confidence with the other parties?" he said.
"I've always maintained I've never held a shotgun to anyone's head. Shotgun tactics do not work."
Mr Wellington said Ms Palaszczuk was "able to deliver" during the current Parliament, which saw her work with independents and Katter Party members.
Premier's stance the 'height of arrogance'
Former Gladstone MP Liz Cunningham has also been a deal maker, back in 1996.
She helped Mr Borbidge run the state after the Court of Disputed Returns ordered a by-election in the seat of Mundingburra, which Labor held by just 16 votes.
The result was a hung parliament, so the National Party leader held out an olive branch to the independent and she took it.
Ms Cunningham believes threatening to not do a deal with minor parties is a cop out and "the height of arrogance".
"Absolutely I hold with the view that it's the right of the electorate to vote for whomever they wish as their representative," she said.
"And it's the responsibility then of those elected to make it work."
Radical solution for Labor to hold power?
QUT political analyst Professor Clive Bean predicts the outcome on November 25 will be a "potential mess".
"No-one wants to say 'We can't make this work' and have to go back and have another election straight away," he said.
Professor Bean said Ms Palaszczuk had "made it difficult" by locking her party into an anti-One Nation stance, but Mr Nicholls had left the door ajar.
"What Tim Nicholls is doing is probably the more appropriate thing and that is arguing that he is not considering a deal, but it could be a potential outcome," he said.
Professor Bean said a radical move for the ALP to retain power could involve the Premier resigning in the event of a hung parliament.
Her replacement could then forge their own path and change the party's stance to make things work.
"She may find it easier to fall on her sword than other politicians would," Professor Bean said.
Cyber security company VeroGuard Systems has announced plans to build an advanced manufacturing facility in Adelaide's northern suburbs with a promise to create almost 600 new jobs in its first three years.
The Melbourne-based company is investing $57.5 million in building the manufacturing centre to produce its cyber security products, and intends to also open an operations centre for customer service and digital back end infrastructure.
The State Government is contributing just over $6 million to the project through its Economic Investment Fund and expects many former Holden workers to find employment at the centre.
Premier Jay Weatherill said the company intended to recruit 424 of the 596 required employees from the northern Adelaide region.
"It's extraordinary that the company has chosen South Australia as its base of operations and it's a testament to what we offer here in South Australia," Mr Weatherill.
"A high-tech manufacturing future is a vision for South Australia's economic growth here and we're seeing a company that's seeing the possibilities and investing here in South Australia."
Move makes sense for VeroGuard
VeroGuard chief executive Nic Nuske said making the move from Melbourne to Adelaide made sense for the company particularly a move to Edinburgh in the northern suburbs.
"Advanced manufacturing for us is extremely well developed in South Australia and there were a lot of highly skilled people, as well as very passionate people around delivering what we needed in this location," Mr Nuske said.
"[In Edinburgh] we are right in the centre of the defence programs and obviously as a developer of security products it's really critical that we have an eco system around us that reflects us."
Mr Nuske said VeroGuard had also developed relationships with local universities, particularly University of Adelaide.
Ex-Holden worker joins VeroGuard workforce
Former Holden worker Kym Denhartog has already secured a job with VeroGuard and said the timing could not be more perfect.
Mr Denhartog worked for Holden for 16 years before working for a component manufacturer up until last month when it closed.
"There are a lot of skilled people that are currently out of work, and I think for this to start up is probably perfect timing for a lot of those people," he said.
"This is fantastic, the advanced manufacturing, to be here in the northern suburbs is a positive sign for the state and the area."
Construction of the manufacturing centre is expected to begin early next year and should take between six and eight months to complete.
In the mean time, the company will be setting up a temporary facility to begin production.
Equestrian legend Gillian Rolton, who died of cancer yesterday, has been remembered at the Australian International Three Day Event.
A video highlighting athlete's achievements was played to the crowd at the event in South Australia.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist, who was remembered as a hardworking trailblazer, was the first Australian woman to win Olympic and world championship equestrian events.
Her death came after a two-year fight with endometrial cancer and in the middle of the three-day event which she directed for 10 years.
Rolton was well known for her performance at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics when she won a team gold medal despite a fall five minutes into the event which left her with a broken collarbone and fractured ribs.
Wendy Schaffer competed alongside Rolton at those Olympic Games and was at the tribute.
"She's done so much more for the sport than anyone has done before," Schaffer said.
"She always had that belief that she could do it, and she did.
"Even at the last minute in Barcelona and Atlanta she was reserved, she just kept fighting and she came out with gold medals, so that's quite an amazing story by her."
Lord Mayor Martin Haese met with Rolton recently to present her with a key to the City of Adelaide.
He said he was sure Rolton was determined to live until the equestrian competition was underway.
"Gill is a beautiful soul, she is just a stunning woman who is passionate about South Australia, a great leader and terrific contributor to our city through the international three-day event."
Government offers family state funeral
Premier Jay Weatherill said a state funeral has been offered to Rolton's family.
"A dual gold medallist, a massive advocate for greater levels of awareness in relation to the scourge of cancer, she has played this critical role in making an international horse event South Australia's great event," Mr Weatherill said.
"All of those things make her a great Australian, a great South Australian, and I think it's appropriate that she be honoured in this way.
"She is obviously a woman of extraordinary talent but also of great courage, but also for South Australia she has been an extraordinary promoter of the horse industry."
Overland Track pioneer Eric Sargent has many memories of one of Tasmania's most famous bush shelters, the Old Pelion Hut.
Mr Sargent, 89, travelled by helicopter to the remote hut to join nearly 40 others celebrating its centenary over the weekend.
The hut sits halfway between Cradle Mountain and Lake St Clair, on a track that Mr Sargent knows well.
"I was the first guide in modern times, and I developed the walks along what is now known as the Overland Track," Mr Sargent said.
"My first visit into this region was in 1947 with a group of scouts, who walked through the reserve as it was then known.
"The hut was pretty much as it is now bunk-wise, particularly and the table in the corner, and I'm pleased to see that's still in the same place."
The hut was built in 1917 to house a mine manager when the area was busy with prospectors.
The mining operations closed, and the hut was handed over to Tasmania Parks and Wildlife Service in 1922.
Historian Nic Haygarth said it was rare to have a piece of history like the hut still in tact.
"To have a hut still standing, I dread to think how many huts in this park have burnt to the ground in that hundred years," he said.
Mr Haygarth said he first visited the hut in the early 1990s.
"I had the privilege 22 years ago of interviewing one of the builders of this hut, and he was 98 years old," he said.
"It's a huge achievement, and it's a wonderful piece of our history."
Mountain Huts Preservation Society president Roger Nutting said it was important to remember Tasmania's heritage.
"For a very long time in Tasmania this sort of heritage was long forgotten about," he said.
"There are extraordinary stories, extraordinary places, and it's not just the huts but the characters that built the huts and the reason they built them.
"Over 100 years ago this was a mining centre, and I can't begin to imagine what it would've been like back in the days of horses and wagons.
"Those days are long gone but the story needs to be told."
The hut is now used for emergencies only, and bushwalkers stay in the New Pelion Hut.
A display of images, items and stories is being held at the Cradle Mountain Interpretation Centre.
Tasmania is the least multicultural state in Australia, but it is hoped better community integration will help keep new migrant families on the island.
Only 15 per cent of Tasmanians had both their parents born overseas, with most of those born in the United Kingdom.
The Migrant Resource Centre in Tasmania is responsible for helping new refugees arriving under the Humanitarian Settlement Program find their feet.
Last week two African families arrived in Hobart to start their new lives.
The centre's Conrad Gilbey runs an induction course which will help the families adjust to life in Tasmania over an 18-month period.
"It's a huge shock in many ways," Mr Gilbey said.
"Some families arrive in winter, which is really shocking. The weather is really great for them at the moment.
"Sometimes they come from 40 degrees, and it's 5 degrees [Celcius] here when they arrive."
And they arrive in a place that is comparatively uncrowded.
"One of the main things is that there's not many people," Mr Gilbey said.
"A lot of the families come from really busy cities, and they come here and say 'where are all the people?'
"They're living in suburbs like Goodwood or Chigwell, and there's nobody on the street and it's really shocking to them."
Mr Gilbey has been showing the families how to find a house, get a bank account, and register with Centrelink.
"Once six weeks or two months pass, things get a bit easier, once the kids are enrolled in school, they find a more permanent house, things get a lot easier for them," he said.
He said part of his job was helping the new residents, whether they be from Africa or the Middle East, form associations within the community.
"We do really try to actively keep people here in Tasmania, but there are transfers [to the mainland]," he said.
"For example, in Melbourne in the east, a lot of the Afghan community move there.
"They're attracted by employment, but again there's a lot of work being done here to create jobs for migrants."
The centre's Catherine Doran said the organisation got very busy whenever a new family arrived.
"From picking people up at the airport, with language support, settling them into some short-term accommodation with appropriate household goods and food, and getting them linked in to essential services that they need," Ms Doran said.
Ms Doran said keeping migrants in Tasmania remained a challenge.
"In regional and rural areas, it's quite often the case that some people will prefer to live in an urban area, and there could be a range of reasons for this," she said.
"It could be that they've got family or community links, it can be employment, that's a major factor here in Tasmania.
'It can also be faith-based or cultural needs, wanting to be closer to members of the same communities."
She said the centre tried to spruik the benefits of living in Tasmania.
"We might be perceived as being quieter and smaller, but there are benefits to living here," she said.
"Because it is a little bit quieter the quality and access to services can be better.
"We try to link people up with other employment or communities and social activities to help them feel a part of the local community."
Hundreds of Greens party members have descended on Hobart, lamenting the lost wilderness battle that founded their party while turning to a new fight.
The Australian Greens are hosting their national conference in the state over the weekend.
It's a fitting tribute to the party's anniversary celebrating 25 years since its establishment nationally.
Greens senator Nick McKim was quick to remind delegates the movement globally was born in Tasmania, after the unsuccessful campaign to save Lake Pedder.
He used his speech to renew calls for the south-west lake to be drained and restored.
"One day, I know Lake Pedder will be drained and we can celebrate that wonderful wilderness gem again," Senator McKim said.
The lake was approved for flooding in 1972 by "Electric" Eric Reece for hydro-electric generation.
Senator McKim took a bag of sand from the famed white beach at Lake Pedder to the conference.
Holding it up to delegates, he said it was symbolic to the party's ethos.
"It's our unfinished business as a political party, it symbolises where we've come from, it's a symbol of all the work we've done, and it's a symbol of all the work we've got left," he said.
"The beach is still in pristine condition, if you dive on the beach now and fan your hands, the tyre tracks from the last aeroplane to take off from that beach are still there."
'Protect the Tarkine'
Down the road from the conference, a new wilderness battle was in the full flight.
About a thousand people gathered on Parliament lawns to campaign to have the west coast's Tarkine region classified as a World Heritage Area and protected from logging and mining.
Organised by the Bob Brown Foundation, the organisers promised to ramp up their action in the lead up to the March state election.
Mr Brown said the region would be "woodchipped" over the next few years unless it was protected.
"We want a Tasmania that honours what the world sees in this island and that is our wild and scenic heritage," Mr Brown said.
He called on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to visit the region.
"Come down here, see the Tarkine to see the Tarkine is to want to save it," Mr Brown said.
"It's democracy that will save the forests."
Since I was born about 40 years ago in my homeland Zimbabwe, the only leader I have known is Robert Mugabe.
Growing up in the marginalised region of Matabeleland in southern Zimbabwe, I became politically aware at the age of five due to the atrocities perpetrated against residents of the region by the Mugabe government.
The name Robert Mugabe, who gained infamy for making life a living hell for my people in the region, was imprinted in my mind since boyhood.
This is, or should I say was, my president. A man who is blamed for killing thousands of people in the southern part of the country in the 1980s for purportedly trying to organise an uprising against his government.
Almost 20,000 Zimbabweans were brutally murdered and a lot more maimed.
I will never forget the gruesome sight of people who had their lips cut off and had to tie rags around their mouths to control the free fall of saliva from their lipless mouths.
I still cannot fathom the kind of cruelty that drove a soldier to order a neighbour, Mr Hlabangane, to sit on burning charcoal. He still walks with a limp.
These are acts attributed to a man I have known as my president for the last 37 years.
Mugabe's quest for power
"Ubukhosi ngamazolo", is a popular proverb in the Ndebele language spoken in the south of the country.
It simply means leadership is like dew as it comes and goes.
But not with Mugabe, who believes power should never be shared or shaken off like dew.
Many, however, say Mugabe has not always been the dictator he has morphed into.
At one time even Britain's Queen Elizabeth gave him a knighthood.
Many believe he is a good man turned rogue by his young wife Grace Mugabe, almost four decades his junior, known for the extravagant tastes that have earned her the nickname 'Gucci Grace'.
Her appetite for the good things in life has not stopped at designer brands. Recently she began trying to amass political power.
It is this quest for power and the establishment of a Mugabe dynasty that triggered last week's supposedly bloodless coup in Zimbabwe.
A new sense of being
In the streets of Harare, I spoke to Masimba, a 24-year-old vegetable vendor at the famous Mbare market.
He told me he was excited because he had never known any other ruler than Mugabe.
"I have never been ruled by anyone else but I feel different just knowing that Mugabe has not had a say in my life for the last 52 hours," he said.
Another vendor, Takunda, chipped in.
"There are no corrupt police officers on the road and no President Mugabe or Grace Mugabe on television," he said.
The hope that Mugabe is on the verge of being kicked out of power has rekindled hope among Zimbabweans; it has brought a new sense of being.
For the first time in years, there is a new spirit and a new conversation in the country.
Mugabe's name, which was once only uttered in whispers, is now openly shouted in the markets and the streets.
The coup to give people freedom
Today, Zimbabweans who once would not dare denigrate their president openly, are talking freely about the source of their suffering. It is a far cry from just last month, when the name Mugabe could just not be uttered without trepidation.
The military in Zimbabwe has taken control of the country. The president was hidden from view until Thursday, when a delegation from South Africa came for talks to try and end the crisis.
It is anyone's guess if those talks paved the way for Mugabe to attend a university graduation ceremony at an open learning institution on Friday.
Even though the military has taken over it has, unlike in other coups, given people freedoms.
In general, Zimbabweans have welcomed the military intervention. If coups are done like this, they say, then bring them on.
A few people close to the president's wife have been arrested in what the military says is a move to get rid of people who looted the economy and misled the 93-old-leader, the world's oldest president.
Mugabe's rule has left Zimbabwe the most impoverished country in the world.
There is no cash in circulation and banks limit daily withdrawals to $US40 when the money is there, which is not often the case.
As a result, people sleep in bank queues waiting to get their money.
"I think we will have a different Christmas this year and it will be a bright one", Bornface, another hawker, told me as we left the Mbare market today.
I nodded, thinking of the Christmases we used to spend with my family in the 80s.
First album, first track 'It's A Long Way To The Top (If You Want To Rock 'N' Roll)', from 1975's High Voltage and it's Malcolm Young's chugging rhythm guitar that introduces AC/DC to the world.
They would go on to produce so many other great songs their first four albums, produced by Malcolm and Angus's older brother George Young, are considered rock staples but everything you need to know about Malcolm Young's aesthetic is in those first guttural moments.
You hear a sound that would not only come to define the band, but that would go on to influence hard rock for decades.
Def Leppard and Guns N' Roses, most immediately, would borrow that gritty tone; ditto bands in genres like heavy metal (Metallica, Anthrax, Slayer) and, later, nu metal (Korn and System of a Down).
In Australia, that guitar sound underpinned the worldwide success in the early 2000s of Jet and Wolfmother.
And that's just the ones who made it big.
Consider the influence of AC/DC who have sold more than 200 million records to date on any teenager over the last four decades who wanted to escape his angst or anger via an electric guitar and a Marshall stack in the garage.
"I'm sad to hear of the passing of Malcolm Young. It was great to get the opportunity to open for AC/DC on the Highway To Hell tour & we certainly learned a thing or two. He was an incredible guitar player & the glue for that band onstage & off. RIP Malcolm, say hi to Bon." - Joe Def Leppard (@DefLeppard) November 18, 2017
That's why Malcolm Young's impact on rock and roll cannot be overstated.
He was the band's driving force, its solid centre, both musically and personally.
Bon Scott had the swagger and the mystique; known for his hard-drinking lifestyle, he died too young.
Angus Young is the cheeky eccentric getting about the stage; sometimes you wondered how he could carry on with the tune given his penchant for performance.
But Malcolm was always there, dependable, reliable and essential. Not just in his guitar playing but as chief songwriter and the band's elder statesman.
Though he stepped away from AC/DC in recent years, following his dementia diagnosis, the AC/DC fans the ones who still fill stadiums the world over, 10,000 at a time know his legacy.
We might have lost Malcolm Young, but that unmistakable sound he made his own will live on.
For the first time in years, there is a new spirit and a new conversation in Zimbabwe where people feel free to shout the name of Mugabe in the markets and streets, writes Dingani Masuku.