Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The top officer at U.S. Strategic Command said Saturday an order from President Donald Trump or any of his successors to launch nuclear weapons can be refused if that order is determined to be illegal.
Air Force Gen. John Hyten, commander of Strategic Command, told a panel at the Halifax International Security Forum on Saturday that he and Trump have had conversations about such a scenario and that he would tell Trump he couldn't carry out an illegal strike.
"If it's illegal, guess what's going to happen. I'm going to say, 'Mr President, that's illegal.' And guess what he's going to do? He's going to say, 'What would be legal?'" Hyten said.
"And we'll come up with options with a mix of capabilities to respond to whatever the situation is, and that's the way it works."
In the event that Trump decided to launch a nuclear attack, Hyten would provide him with strike options that are legal.
The command would control nuclear forces in a war.
The comments come as the threat of nuclear attack from North Korea remains a serious concern and Trump's critics question his temperament. Trump's taunting tweets aimed at Pyongyang have sparked concerns primarily among congressional Democrats that he may be inciting a war with North Korea.
During testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee earlier this month, retired Gen. Robert Kehler who served as the head of Strategic Command from January 2011 to November 2013, also said the U.S. armed forces are obligated to follow legal orders, not illegal ones.
Hyten said he's talked it over with Trump.
"I think some people think we're stupid. We're not stupid people. We think about these things a lot. When you have this responsibility how do you not think about it?" he said.
He said he would not obey an illegal order.
"You could go to jail for the rest of your life," he said.
Highlighting the efforts of some of the country's best teachers, professors, instructors, coaches and principals, who take their job to another level to help a new generation of Americans.
The top officer at U.S. Strategic Command said Saturday an order from President Donald Trump or any of his successors to launch nuclear weapons can be refused if that order is determined to be illegal.
Air Force Gen. John Hyten, commander of Strategic Command, told a panel at the Halifax International Security Forum on Saturday that he and Trump have had conversations about such a scenario and that he would tell Trump he couldn't carry out an illegal strike.
"If it's illegal, guess what's going to happen. I'm going to say, 'Mr President, that's illegal.' And guess what he's going to do? He's going to say, 'What would be legal?'" Hyten said.
"And we'll come up with options with a mix of capabilities to respond to whatever the situation is, and that's the way it works."
In the event that Trump decided to launch a nuclear attack, Hyten would provide him with strike options that are legal.
The command would control nuclear forces in a war.
The comments come as the threat of nuclear attack from North Korea remains a serious concern and Trump's critics question his temperament. Trump's taunting tweets aimed at Pyongyang have sparked concerns primarily among congressional Democrats that he may be inciting a war with North Korea.
During testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee earlier this month, retired Gen. Robert Kehler who served as the head of Strategic Command from January 2011 to November 2013, also said the U.S. armed forces are obligated to follow legal orders, not illegal ones.
Hyten said he's talked it over with Trump.
"I think some people think we're stupid. We're not stupid people. We think about these things a lot. When you have this responsibility how do you not think about it?" he said.
He said he would not obey an illegal order.
"You could go to jail for the rest of your life," he said.
The ultra-wealthy, especially those with dynastic businesses — like President Donald Trump and his family — do very well under a major Republican tax bill moving in the Senate, as they do under legislation passed this week by the House. Want to toast the anticipated tax win with champagne or a beer
China is reiterating its call for an agreement between North Korea and the U.S. under which the North would gain concessions if it freezes its nuclear weapons program
I think all of us realize that if we fail on taxes, that's the end of the Republican party's governing majority in 2018. I can't man how he could be successful with Nancy Pelosi running the house. They would try to impeach him pretty quick. It would be one constant investigation after another. So
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The top officer at U.S. Strategic Command said Saturday an order from President Donald Trump or any of his successors to launch nuclear weapons can be refused if that order is determined to be illegal.
Air Force Gen. John Hyten, commander of Strategic Command, told a panel at the Halifax International Security Forum on Saturday that he and Trump have had conversations about such a scenario and that he would tell Trump he couldn't carry out an illegal strike.
"If it's illegal, guess what's going to happen. I'm going to say, 'Mr President, that's illegal.' And guess what he's going to do? He's going to say, 'What would be legal?'" Hyten said.
"And we'll come up with options with a mix of capabilities to respond to whatever the situation is, and that's the way it works."
In the event that Trump decided to launch a nuclear attack, Hyten would provide him with strike options that are legal.
The command would control nuclear forces in a war.
The comments come as the threat of nuclear attack from North Korea remains a serious concern and Trump's critics question his temperament. Trump's taunting tweets aimed at Pyongyang have sparked concerns primarily among congressional Democrats that he may be inciting a war with North Korea.
During testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee earlier this month, retired Gen. Robert Kehler who served as the head of Strategic Command from January 2011 to November 2013, also said the U.S. armed forces are obligated to follow legal orders, not illegal ones.
Hyten said he's talked it over with Trump.
"I think some people think we're stupid. We're not stupid people. We think about these things a lot. When you have this responsibility how do you not think about it?" he said.
He said he would not obey an illegal order.
"You could go to jail for the rest of your life," he said.
Seven satellite calls have been logged that Argentine officials believe are being pinged from the submarine ARA San Juan, which has been missing since Wednesday when communications broke down, giving hope that the crew can still be saved.
Argentine Defense Minister Oscar Aguad tweeted out the news Saturday night, confirming that the 44 crew members may be able to be saved after "7 signals from satellite calls that would have been from the San Juan submarine."
Authorities said the calls were made on Saturday, and that the Defense Ministry is working with an American company to analyze where the calls came from.
Recibimos siete señales de llamadas satelitales que provendrían del submarino San Juan. Estamos trabajando arduamente para localizarlo y transmitimos la esperanza a
las familias de los 44 tripulantes: que en breve puedan tenerlos en sus hogares. — Oscar Aguad (@OscarAguadCBA) November 19, 2017
"We are working arduously to locate it and we are transmitting our hopes to the families of the 44 crew members: that they may soon have them in their homes," he wrote.
The Argentine Armada, the country's navy, confirmed the news that the calls "would have indicated that the crew is trying to reestablish contact," their official Twitter post reads.
Se detectaron 7 llamadas satelitales que se habrían realizado desde el #submarinoSanJuan y que no llegaron a enlazar con las bases de #ArmadaArgentina, lo que indicaría que la tripulación intenta restablecer contacto, por lo que se trabaja para determinar su localización precisa — Armada Argentina (@Armada_Arg) November 19, 2017
It goes on to say that "we are working to determine its precise location."
The calls, according to a subsequent tweet, lasted from "4 to 36 seconds" at various times but unfortunately "they did not establish contact."
By Sunday, the pursuit to pinpoint the pings will be bolstered by the might of the U.S. Navy and Air Force, which are deploying more resources into the massive rescue mission already underway to locate the missing submarine, Pentagon officials told ABC News.
On Saturday, the Undersea Rescue Comand, or URC, shipped out two "independent rescue assets" from San Diego en route to the Southern Atlantic, where the Argentine Navy lost communications with one of its submarines. They are expected to arrive on Sunday, officials said.
The highly trained American sailors will employ advanced technology on the Submarine Rescue Chamber, or SRC, which has already been in touch with the family members of the 44 on board, and will utilize an underwater system called Remotely Operated Vehicle, or ROV. It can climb down to depths of 850-feet and pull to safety "up to six persons at a time," the Pentagon officials said.
The sailors will also be relying on Pressurized Rescue Module, or PRM, which can rescue "up to 16 personnel at a time ... by sealing over the submarine's hatch allowing sailors to safely transfer to the recuse chamber," according to officials.
The American reinforcements will join the Navy's P-8A Poseidon multi-mission maritime aircraft and a NASA P-3 research aircraft that have been assisting the ongoing search for the ARA San Juan, a German-built TR 1700 class diesel-electric submarine.
Argentine Navy Handout/EPA
Before vanishing on Wednesday, the vessel was on a routine trip from a base in Ushia, on the southern tip of the continent, to its home base of Mar del Plata.
The submarine's last-known position in the area of operations was near the San Jorge Gulf, about 240 nautical miles from the country's southern shore.
When the submarine lost touch with its navy, a fire reportedly knocked out the submarine's communications systems.
No SOS warning was received at any time, the Navy said.
David Fernandez/EPA
Adm. Gabriel Gonzalez, according to The Associated Press, said he was still hopeful that the submarine is only suffering minor equipment troubles and so far doesn't consider the loss of touch as being something grave.
"We have a loss of communications. We are not talking of an emergency," said
The ARA San Juan debuted in 1983 and is one of only three in the Argentine Navy's fleet.
It hadn't experienced any problems until two years ago, when it was sent to port to be repaired, the Navy said.
Police have found a vehicle they believe was involved in the killing of a Pennsylvania cop during a traffic stop, officials said today.
"We were able to find and seize the vehicle that we believe to be involved in this incident," New Kensington Police Chief James Klein said. "The investigation into the vehicle's full involvement and the occupants that were in the vehicle is ongoing at this time."
The discovery came after an announcement that the reward offered for information leading to an arrest of the gunman wrose to $40,000 on Saturday, as an intense manhunt continued.
The shooting happened around 8 p.m. ET Friday in New Kensington, about 18 miles from Pittsburgh. Officer Brian Shaw was shot after a traffic stop led to him pursuing someone on foot, according to authorities.
Police later found an unoccupied Jeep Grand Cherokee not far from the scene that was wanted in connection with the shooting.
Shaw was transported to the hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later, authorities said. The 25-year-old officer had been with the New Kensington Police Department for less than a year
The Associated Press
Shaw's body was transported to a funeral home in Lower Burrell on Saturday afternoon after an autopsy was conducted.
"I can tell you standing there listening to the officers share stories about how he was vibrant, how he brought smiles and entertainment and wit and humor into their lives, he was obviously a very special person just by listening to how they talked about him," Pennsylvania State Police Trooper Steven Limani said at a press conference Saturday.
Limani would not discuss other details of the case, including the reason for the traffic stop, saying it could compromise the ongoing investigation. Police have not yet released a description of the suspect they are searching for.
The Associated Press
Several law enforcement agencies are involved in the ongoing search for the suspect. Westmoreland County detectives are leading the investigation and the FBI is assisting.
The FBI and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) initially offered a $30,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest. On Saturday, the ATF increased its offer from $5,000 to $10,000 and the U.S. Marshals Service offered an additional $5,000, bringing the total reward to $40,000, authorities said.
New Kensington Officer Shaw Reward Update- The U.S. Marshall Service offered $5,000 and the ATF increased their original reward from $5,000 now to $10,000. The reward money leading to an arrest is now totaled at $40,000. — Troop A Public Information Officers (@PSPTroopAPIO) November 18, 2017
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Thousands of Zimbabweans marched through the capital on Saturday demanding that President Robert Mugabe step down, days after the military placed the longtime ruler under house arrest.
Euphoric crowds gathered near the State House where Zimbabweans cheered, danced, waved flags and hugged soldiers who were stationed outside the government building in Harare. Some marchers carried posters and signs, including ones that said, "Enough is enough Mugabe must go" and "Mugabe out."
"It's like Christmas," one marcher, Fred Mubay, told The Associated Press.
It was the first public demonstration since Zimbabwe's military apparently took charge earlier in the week, and one that would have been perhaps unthinkable just months ago.
"This is the biggest day in the history of Zimbabwe," another resident, Trust Chuma, told The Associated Press.
Kim Ludbrook/EPA
The first signs of a military takeover emerged Tuesday as armored vehicles were deployed near the capital, one week after Mugabe fired his deputy and longtime ally, Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, and accused him of scheming to take power, including through witchcraft.
An established Zimbabwean journalist who spoke to ABC News on condition of anonymity said members of the military marched inside the state broadcaster's headquarters on Tuesday and told employees there to not be afraid, that "we are here to protect you" and that they should continue their work as usual.
The U.S. Embassy in Zimbabwe issued an advisory Tuesday night, urging all employees to stay home the following day and warning American citizens in the southern African nation to shelter in place "as a result of the ongoing political uncertainty."
Kim Ludbrook/EPA
Zimbabwe's army addressed the country on state-run media Wednesday morning, vehemently denying speculation this was a coup d'etat and assuring citizens the president and his family are "safe and sound."
"We are only targeting criminals around him who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country, in order to bring them to justice. As soon as we have accomplished our mission, we expect that the situation will return to normalcy," Maj. Gen. S.B. Moyo, spokesman for the Zimbabwe Defense Forces, said in a statement on the state broadcaster.
"To both our people and the world beyond our borders, we wish to make it abundantly clear that this is not a military takeover of government. What the Zimbabwe Defense Forces is doing is to pacify a degenerating political, social and economic situation in our country, which if not addressed may result in a violent conflict," he added.
Moyo urged other security services to "cooperate" with the army "for the good of the country," and warned that "any provocation will be met with an appropriate response."
Jekesai Njikizana/AFP/Getty Images
As the political turmoil continued to unfold, it remained unclear whether Mugabe was still in power.
The president of neighboring South Africa, Jacob Zuma, said he spoke with Mugabe on Wednesday morning, who told him he was "confined to his home but said that he was fine." Zuma sent "special envoys" to meet with Mugabe and the Zimbabwean army "in light of the unfolding situation," according to a press release from the South African presidency.
The whereabouts of Mugabe's wife were still unknown; though journalists in Harare told ABC News she's believed to be with her husband under house arrest at the presidential palace.
Kim Ludbrook/EPA
It's uncharted waters for Zimbabweans. Mugabe, 93, has led the country since its independence in 1980. He is the world's oldest head of state. In December last year, Zimbabwe's ruling party ZANU-PF confirmed Mugabe as its sole candidate for the 2018 election, despite concerns over his age and health.
Mugabe is still revered by some Zimbabweans as a freedom fighter who helped liberate the former British colony Rhodesia from white minority rule. But many have come to view him as an avaricious autocrat who has plundered the country's resources,
Zimbabweans have seen the economy expand and contract under Mugabe's reign. In recent years, the economy has suffered from rampant corruption, mounting debt, food shortages, a collapsed currency and a deteriorating investment climate.
The United States in 2003 imposed targeted sanctions, a travel ban and an asset freeze against Mugabe and his close associates, citing the Zimbabwean government's human rights abuses as well as evidence of rigged elections.
Kim Ludbrook/EPA
Nevertheless, Mugabe so far has showed no signs of relinquishing his iron grip on power. He appeared in public Friday for the first time since the apparent military takeover to preside over a university graduation ceremony in Harare.
The decadeslong ruler is said to be asking for more time amid talks with regional leaders, The Associated Press reported.
Zimbabwe's former war veterans minister, Tshinga Dube, told The Associated Press on Saturday that the ruling party will recall Mugabe "as early as tomorrow."
ABC News' Sohel Uddin contributed to this report.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has apologized after a gossip website posted a 4-year-old video of him making a racially insensitive comment.
The Blast website reported the video was shot in 2013 at a Dallas hotel by a white man who asked Jones if he would tape a message for his fiancee. Jones appeared to be joking when he said, "Hey, Jennifer, congratulations on the wedding. Now, you know he's with a black girl tonight, don't you?"
After the video's release Friday, Jones apologized in a statement issued by the team, saying, "That comment was inappropriate. It's not who I am, and I'm sorry."
The website reported the video was shared by someone who thought it was relevant in light of players sitting or kneeling in protest during the national anthem in the NFL. Former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick started the protests last year to bring awareness to issues of racial inequality.
Jones has been outspoken in his view that players should stand during the anthem, at one point saying he would bench any player who disrespected the flag.
———
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
California's Capitol is awash in allegations of sexual harassment, creating an atmosphere that's affecting how men and women interact.
Holding meetings over drinks or winding down at a bar after a hectic day in the Legislature is a regular part of business in Sacramento, where policymaking and deal-cutting often depend on personal relationships. After-work campaign fundraisers and other evening events provide numerous opportunities for colleagues to do business and socialize.
Those days may not be gone, but there's unquestionably a changed sensitivity toward them.
Jodi Hicks, a lobbyist and partner at the women-led Sacramento firm DBHK, said after she gave a radio interview about the Capitol culture, a man emailed her to say he wouldn't hire her firm because he'd have to "walk on eggshells."
"We're hearing grumblings, and men are upset" about having to think about where and when they meet women, and if alcohol is involved, Hicks said.
"That's something we deal with all of the time," she said. "Every time someone asks to have drinks, women have to be concerned with what that means and where they're having drinks and making sure it's in public."
Even in public places behavior has crossed into inappropriate territory.
It was recently revealed that Democratic Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra, of Los Angeles, was disciplined in 2009 when he was a legislative staff member. Elise Gyore, another Capitol staffer who had never met him, accused him of stalking her around a Sacramento nightclub and putting his hands down her blouse.
Following an Assembly Rules Committee investigation, Bocanegra was told to stay away from Gyore but wasn't otherwise punished. She had wanted him banned from attending work-related social events involving alcohol, but the Assembly said it couldn't control after-work behavior.
Gyore, who still works at the Legislature, said alcohol is nearly always present at after-hours gatherings.
"It can make people who have already decided that they're OK with doing some not-good things even more brazen," she said.
It also causes other problems.
The Senate in 2015 briefly offered free round-the-clock transportation to lawmakers in Sacramento after four lawmakers in five years were accused of drunken driving. Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon discontinued the practice after the perk was revealed.
While lawmakers can't require their office staff to go to after-hours political and campaign events, many see attendance as critical to their jobs. The events are plentiful when the Legislature is in session and lawmakers from out of town stay in Sacramento from Monday through Thursday.
Lawmakers held at least 30 evening fundraisers over a five-day period in August, according to invitations compiled by Capitol Morning Report.
The Legislature has faced criticism over its handling of sexual misconduct allegations since nearly 150 women signed a letter in October outlining a pervasive culture of sexual harassment and a system that does little to stop perpetrators.
On Friday, de Leon recommended fellow Democrat Tony Mendoza be stripped of his chairmanship of the Insurance, Banking & Financial Institutions Committee. De Leon, until recently a housemate with Mendoza in Sacramento, made the move after it was revealed a third woman who worked for Mendoza had alleged inappropriate behavior, including several one-on-one meetings over drinks or dinner.
For lobbyists, evening events are an "extension of our workplace," said Jennifer Fearing, who owns a firm.
"Part of your influence-peddling, above board, involves needing to be at these events," Fearing said.
Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia said it is men who choose to misbehave, not the events, that create problems.
"I would say that most of the public realizes that our job is based on relationships, and so we are expected to go out there and socialize," said Garcia, a Bell Gardens Democrat who co-chairs the Legislative Women's Caucus. "I think our public also expects us to hold ourselves to a higher standard."
Fearing said there are plenty of ways for lawmakers, staff members and lobbyists to socialize and build essential relationships that don't involve alcohol. Some lawmakers hold fundraisers at breakfasts or at special events, like a cooking class.
"I think developing a level of diversity with regard to these types of events would be healthy. It could be productive," she said.
Hicks said ensuring women feel safe in all settings is paramount. She and her co-partners recently held sexual harassment training for their employees that included creation of safe words that female staff members can use if they feel uncomfortable at events.
It's all part of what she hopes will bring lasting change for men, willingly or not.
"If men's behavior changes just out of fear of it no longer being covered up, then that's a good thing too," Hicks said.
The White House has sent Congress a $44 billion disaster aid request that's already under attack from lawmakers from hurricane-hit regions as way too small.
The request issued Friday, President Donald Trump's third since hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria slammed the Gulf Coast and Caribbean, would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall close to $100 billion — and that's before most of the money to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid is added in.
The new installment would add $24 billion to the government's chief disaster account and establish a new $12 billion grant program for flood risk mitigation projects. Smaller amounts would go to small business loans and to aid farmers suffering crop losses.
The request followed lobbying by Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello, who pressed the White House for far more. There are sure to be attempts to add to the measure as it advances through the House and Senate.
"This request does not come close to what local officials say is needed," said New York Rep. Nita Lowey, top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee.
Even before the measure was delivered, Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, called it "wholly inadequate." Cornyn worked in September to nearly double Trump's initial request for Harvey aid and has been battling with the White House behind the scenes.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders responded, "I don't think $44 billion is a low amount and my guess is if you asked any average citizen across this country they wouldn't feel that it's low either."
She said Texas "should step up" and provide state money to the rebuilding efforts. But she said damage assessments in Puerto Rico hadn't been completed yet and additional requests were expected.
The measure arrives as lawmakers and the White House face numerous budget-related issues by year's end, including a deadline of Dec. 8 to avert a government shutdown. Top Capitol Hill leaders are also negotiating bipartisan spending increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies in hopes of passing a catchall government funding bill. They are also seeking to renew a popular program that provides health care to children from low-income families.
And there's a tax bill that is Republicans' top priority. GOP leaders have appeared wary of tackling other budget-related issues while the tax legislation was taking shape but time is running low and coming weeks are likely to bring a burst of activity. Talks on increasing tight "caps" on agency budgets have centered on a GOP plan for a two-year, $182 billion increase that still falls short of demands by both defense hawks and Democrats seeking more for domestic programs.
Rossello has requested $94 billion, including $18 billion to rebuild the island's power grid and $31 billion for housing. The White House anticipates sending another request focused on the needs of the island territory but hasn't indicated when that would be.
"Because Hurricane Maria occurred more recently, damage assessments are ongoing," said White House budget director Mick Mulvaney.
Mulvaney also asked lawmakers to consider $59 billion in spending cuts to pay for the aid, including $44 billion from benefit programs by extending automatic cuts known as sequestration over the 2025-2027 budget window.
Texas and Florida officials also expressed disappointment. Abbott, the Texas governor, submitted a $61 billion request to Trump last month for Harvey-related damages, including ambitious requests for flood control and navigation projects. He called the White House request "completely inadequate."
The Florida congressional delegation asked for $27 billion. Florida Sen. Bill Nelson, a Democrat, said in a statement that the request "doesn't come close to providing what is needed. People are hurting and they desperately need our help, yet this request has no money to provide housing for evacuees and barely any money for Florida's citrus growers. That's unacceptable."
"Congress needs to pass a more robust disaster bill that actually provides the funding needed to help people recover," Nelson said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said Congress had "proven its commitment to aid those suffering from the natural disasters of the fall." Ryan said the House would "review the request and work with the administration and members from affected states to help the victims get the resources they need to recover and rebuild."
——
Associated Press writer Ken Thomas contributed to this report.
President Donald Trump will be presented with the recommendation to finance and sell anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainian government — a move aimed at deterring aggression from pro-Russian separatists, a State Department official told ABC News.
The National Security Council decided during a meeting on Tuesday to greenlight the presentation of a $47 million grant package to the Ukrainian government to purchase American defense arms, including the powerful Javelin anti-tank missiles.
The president and Congress must approve the sale of anti-tank missiles. The Javelin, a portable missile with a steep price-tag, has been described as "The American Military's Anti-Tank Killer."
If Trump approves the arms deal, it would be a major shift from the party platform on sending lethal weapons to Ukraine, which was amended when Trump was the party's nominee for president, from supporting "lethal defensive arms" to Ukraine to the more vague "appropriate assistance" -- language that ran counter to the perspective of many of the organization's Republicans.
"They softened it, I heard, but I was not involved," Trump said of his campaign in an interview with ABC News's George Stephanopoulos at the time, before adding, "The people of Crimea, from what I've heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were."
Trump's then-campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, had worked for years for the pro-Russian Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, who was expelled in a popular uprising in 2014.
Russia invaded Crimea and sent troops and arms into eastern Ukraine shortly after his ouster, leading to a conflict that rages on to this day. The Obama administration never provided arms assistance to Ukraine in response.
A former Trump White House official and adviser to the president expressed concern to ABC News that arming Ukraine would inflame tensions in the region and aggravate America's fragile relationship with Russia.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Gen. James Mattis have been in discussions since June about how to best make the sale. They strongly recommended the decision to finance and sell anti-tank missiles to Ukraine above two other options that would aid in the arming of Ukraine.
The State Department official added that, in the upcoming weeks, there will be a meeting to discuss the public messaging on the sale — feedback that will be included in the eventual decision.
But a White House official cautioned that they are not ready to make their decision public.
"We have no announcement at this time," National Security Council spokesperson Michael Anton told ABC News in an email.
The State Department was equally non-committal. "The United States has neither provided defensive weapons nor ruled out the option of doing so," a State Department spokesperson told ABC News.
Ukrainian officials have been publicly optimistic about relations with the United States.
"We are really satisfied with the acceleration of U.S.-Ukraine relations at the moment," Artur Gerasymov, a member of the Ukrainian parliament and chairman of a military subcommittee, told the publication Foreign Policy in late October.
Mattis stressed the administration's desire to strengthen ties with Ukraine in an August press conference in Kiev with President Petro Poroshenko.
"This permits me, better informed, to go back and advocate for what I believe you need, as brought to me by your minister of defense and, certainly, your president," Mattis said. "For example, we've just approved -- just very recently, last couple of weeks -- another $175 million worth of equipment, including some specialized equipment that can be used to help defend the country, bringing to a total of nearly $750 million in the last several years."
He added, at the time, that U.S. military leadership has been reviewing the American position on providing defensive lethal weapons.
"I would also point out that, on the defensive lethal weapons ... we are actively reviewing it," Mattis said. "I will go back, now, having seen the current situation, and be able to inform the secretary of state and the president in very specific terms what I recommend for the direction ahead."
ABC News' Conor Finnegan contributed to this report.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A lawyer for White House adviser Jared Kushner pushed back Friday after a Senate committee said he had not been fully forthcoming in its probe into Russian election interference.
Lawyer Abbe Lowell said Kushner encouraged others in President Donald Trump's campaign to decline meetings with foreign people who "go back home and claim they have special access to gain importance for themselves."
The top Republican and Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee wrote a letter to Kushner, who is Donald Trump's son-in-law, on Thursday asking him to provide additional documents to the committee, including one sent to him involving WikiLeaks and a "Russian backdoor overture and dinner invite."
The senators noted they have received documents from other campaign officials that were copied to or forwarded to Kushner, but which he did not produce. Those include "September 2016 email communications to Mr. Kushner concerning WikiLeaks." It was revealed this week that Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., corresponded with WikiLeaks that month and later sent an email to several Trump campaign advisers to tell them about it.
Lowell wrote Friday to Sens. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa., and Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. He said the email from Donald Trump Jr. referring to his contact with WikiLeaks was forwarded to Kushner, but he did not respond.
Apparently referring to the email that the senators called a "Russian backdoor overture and dinner invite," Lowell said that was part of an email chain that included biographies of various individuals. Lowell wrote that "there is a reference to one of these people suggesting an idea that somewhere, sometime (before the words 'Russia' or 'Putin' were politically charged or relevant in the campaign), someone thought candidate Trump should visit Russia."
Lowell goes on to quote Kushner's response to that email: "Pass on this. A lot of people come claiming to carry messages. Very few we are able to verify. For now I think we decline such meetings. Most likely these people go home and claim they have special access to gain importance for themselves. Be careful."
The senators' request is part of the panel's probe into the Russian election meddling and whether the Trump campaign was involved. The Judiciary committee is one of three congressional committees looking into the issue, along with the Senate and House intelligence panels. The committees have separately requested and received thousands of documents from people associated with the Trump campaign, and have interviewed dozens of individuals. Department of Justice special counsel Robert Mueller is also looking into the meddling.
In the letter to Kushner, the senators noted they had asked him to provide documents to, from, or copied to him "relating to" certain individuals of interest to investigators, but Kushner responded that no emails had been found in which those individuals were sent emails, received emails, or were copied on them.
Lowell replied that Kushner had provided the Judiciary panel with the same documents he had provided the intelligence panels, believing that would be enough to satisfy the Judiciary request.
The Senate and House intelligence committees interviewed Kushner in July. The Judiciary panel has also sought an interview with Kushner, but his lawyers offered to make the transcripts available from the other interviews instead, according to the letters. Grassley and Feinstein say those panels haven't provided them with those transcripts, and ask Lowell to secure that access.
"I do not understand why these committees would not provide the transcripts to you, but we do not have those transcripts," Lowell wrote, adding that it would be "duplicative" if the committees did not share their transcripts.
White House officials have pushed back against the suggestion that the president has not directly addressed the sexual misconduct allegations against Senate candidate Roy Moore while quickly responding to the allegation against Sen. Al Franken.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said today it would be "inaccurate" to suggest that President Donald Trump or the White House responded any differently to the allegation against Franken, D-Minn., than they did to Moore, the Republican candidate vying for the empty Senate seat in Alabama, though Trump's actions and statements stand in contrast to that.
Moore has denied all the allegations against him. Franken apologized to his accuser, saying he remembers their encounter differently but is "ashamed that my actions ruined that experience for you."
There have been a number of explanations of the varying rapidity and directness of his responses to the different allegations given by members of Trump's inner circle:
President Donald Trump
Andrew Harnik/AP
The first round of accusations against Moore were published by The Washington Post on Nov. 9, while Trump was on his 12-day Asia trip. The first comment from Trump's team came when Sanders released a statement on Trump's behalf.
"Like most Americans the president believes we cannot allow a mere allegation, in this case one from many years ago, to destroy a person's life. However, the president also believes that if these allegations are true, Judge Moore will do the right thing and step aside," Sanders said on Nov. 10.
Trump spoke to reporters directly the next day, putting off any further comment until he returned to the U.S.
"I have not seen very much about him, about it," he said on Nov. 11. "I basically put out a statement which was obvious. So I'll stick with [the] statement for now, but I'll have further comment as we go down the road. I have to get back into the country to see what's happening."
Trump has not followed up on that statement, however. Reporters have shouted questions at the president about Moore repeatedly since Trump's return to the U.S.-- including once during an appearance in the Diplomatic Room on Nov. 15 and during his trip to Capitol Hill on Nov. 16 -- and he did not respond.
Trump has also not tweeted about Moore, who has now been accused of sexual misconduct or inappropriate behavior by eight women.
However, Trump posted two tweets about the single accusation against Franken, D-Minn., the same day that the allegation was made public.
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while she sleeps? ..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 17, 2017
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 17, 2017
Press secretary Sarah Sanders
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Sanders answered questions about the president's response to Moore during the briefings both Thursday and today.
On Thursday, she said "the president believes that these allegations are very troubling and should be taken seriously, and he thinks that the people of Alabama should make the decision on who their next senator should be."
When asked if that meant that Moore should stay in the race, she replied, "Look, the president said in his statement earlier this week that, if the allegations are true, then that Roy Moore should step aside. He still firmly believes that."
During today's briefing, Sanders reiterated that sentiment.
"The president certainly finds the allegations extremely troubling as I stated yesterday, and he feels it's up to the governor and the people in the state of Alabama to make a determination on whether or not they delay that election or whether they support and vote for Roy Moore," Sanders said today.
Kellyanne Conway
ABC News
During an appearance on ABC's "This Week" on Nov. 12, the counselor to the president echoed the first statement made on behalf of Trump, but she also went further to stress that this case should not be prosecuted in the court of public opinion.
"The president said [Moore] should step aside if the allegations are true," Conway said.
"It would be a very dangerous precedent for any of us, for any person in this country to just be cast aside as guilty because of press reports," she added. "I denounce that conduct. And if the allegations are true, he should step aside."
On Fox News Friday morning, Conway offered a defense for the president seeming to pounce on the allegations against Franken last night, in contrast to Trump's apparent silence on Moore.
"Well, Al Franken was a brand-new news story yesterday and the president weighed in as he does on the news of the day, often enough," Conway said on Fox when questioned about the apparent discrepancy in the president's responses.
The Roy Moore story, Conway said, is a different case because it has been out for over a week.
"The Roy Moore story is 8 days old. And the president put out a statement during his Asia trip and since then the press secretary has spoken on behalf of the president by saying the people of Alabama will sort out what to do with Roy Moore and with that election," Conway said.
She did not directly address the difference between the president directly weighing on Moore -- which he has not done -- and his press secretary speaking on his behalf.
First daughter Ivanka Trump
The first direct condemnation of Moore from a member of the first family came from Ivanka Trump on Wednesday.
"There's a special place in hell for people who prey on children. I've yet to see a valid explanation and I have no reason to doubt the victims' accounts," she told The Associated Press.
Democrats are seizing on big wins this November as a sign of hope for the future of their party. While it is true the big winners were overwhelmingly Democrats, the elections may have also introduced the country to a new brand of politician.
They're fueled by their rejection of Trumpism and inspired by their own ideas of what makes America great. Many have never run for office, or even ever considered themselves "political," but they say they felt called to serve at this moment in history.
They come from diverse backgrounds and have overcome adversity. One is a refugee who fled the civil war in Liberia in the 1990s. He didn't meet his daughter in America until her second birthday while he waited out the lengthy refugee vetting process. Another candidate, a turban-wearing member of the Sikh community, says his daughter experienced racism for the first time as campaign flyers accused him of "terrorism." A New Jersey woman, a political novice, decided to stand up and run against a Republican incumbent after he mocked women participating in the Women's March.
All three emerged from election night with new authority and a perceived mandate for change. They spoke with ABC's Rick Klein and MaryAlice Parks for ABC's "Powerhouse Politics" podcast.
The refugee that won over Montana voters
On election night this November, Wilmot Collins became the mayor-elect of a majority-white community in Helena, Montana.
"I looked at my wife -- both of us are refugees -- and we hugged," Collins told "Powerhouse Politics." "It was an emotional moment."
The people of Helena chose Collins in spite of attacks on his immigrant status.
Thom Bridge/Independent Record via AP
"I was reading the papers almost every day and people were talking about, 'We can't have an illegal immigrant running for mayor.' They didn't understand," he said.
Collins went through a lengthy refugee vetting process that took him two years and seven months in order to join his wife and daughter in the United States. He says "the only thing they didn't do is [cut] me open and look inside of me. ... We're already doing extreme vetting. The process works."
Collins has a message for President Donald Trump on immigration: "If I have the chance, I will tell him, 'I think you got it wrong.' I would try to explain to him why I think the process he's using is not in the best interest of the country, rather to a few who don't want to see this country move forward."
Collins, who will be the first black mayor of Helena, also advocated earlier this year for a Confederate fountain to be removed after the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"I don't want this community to be the breeding ground for white nationalists and white supremacists," said Collins.
However, he says easing racial tension is not at the top of his political agenda. Working in human services, he'd observed increases in homelessness among teenagers and veterans, as well as short-staffed fire departments.
"Those are the issues that resonated with my community," said Collins.
Standing up for the Women's March
Ashley Bennett ran and won against a New Jersey county official who mocked women participating in the Women's March, sharing a sexist meme that read: "Will the women's protest end in time for them to cook dinner?"
Bennett, a first-time candidate who works full-time as a crisis evaluator for a hospital, says she was first inspired to get active in politics after Hillary Clinton lost the race for the White House in the 2016 election.
Bennett for Freeholder
"I just knew that Hillary was going to win -- so much so that I went to sleep," she said.
Bennett said she woke up at 2:30 a.m. to a red map and a new reality.
"I was so shocked, so confused, and that was the catalyst to really get engaged, to understand that all politics is local," Bennett told "Powerhouse Politics."
The sexist meme about the Women's March shared by Atlantic County Freeholder John Carman further ignited that fire.
"The fact that women have worked so hard to be respected ... to just be mocked and belittled like that was just so disheartening," Bennett said.
"So I wrote him a letter asking with all of the things that were happening in Atlantic County -- high rates of foreclosure, four casinos that are closed, people that are out of work, high rates of poverty, the opioid epidemic," Bennett continued, "how do you have time to be on social media?"
After getting no response, Bennett attended the next meeting of the county governing board, called the freeholders board. Freeholders serve on a nine-person board and are responsible for legislation in the county. Bennett says Carman responded to her complaint, saying the women he surrounds himself with are strong and were not offended by the meme. That response, combined with presidential election results that left her feeling "isolated and disconnected," cemented her decision to run.
Now, Bennett says she has a message for women and young people: "If you feel passionate about something and you see that something is not right, stand up and speak out. ... I was the youngest person running for a county seat, in my county, at 32. No political experience, never even had thought about running for political office or being in politics at all."
She's heartened by the stories of similar candidates across New Jersey and Virginia.
"What we are seeing is a push back towards divisive rhetoric," says Bennett. "We are based on respect, inclusion and a sense of community and diversity. ... I am just one small piece of the puzzle."
The first Sikh mayor in the Garden State
Ravi Bhalla faced ugly opposition during his campaign for Hoboken, New Jersey mayor. Leaflets featuring his photograph alongside a warning about terrorism were passed out in the community. He said it was his 10-year-old daughter's first experience with racism.
But Bhalla says the incident is not a reflection of the Hoboken community, and the fact that he won there is evidence.
Handout
"When I grew up in the public schools, I was the victim of bullying. Kids would tease me because of the color of my skin and the way I looked as a Sikh American," Bhalla told "Powerhouse Politics." "Now my son is the coolest kid in the class all of a sudden. That's kind of neat for me ... [and] hopefully for my son and my daughter and children and minorities across the country."
Bhalla says he is "honored and humbled" to represent this community, as well as to participate in a larger movement rejecting the current political climate.
"It might not be a statement against Trump as much as it is a statement for America and for our values," he said.
But Bhalla does have a different idea than the president about what the country represents.
"My father came to this country as an immigrant. We're a nation of immigrants. He came here with nothing, but he believed in this country if you work hard, believe in your dreams, there is no conflict between being a Sikh and being an American."
He says he's prepared to stop Trump if his actions compromise the rights of the people of Hoboken.
"It's becoming more incumbent on states, as well as cities, to really be that last line of defense to stand up for what our values are and protect our citizens."
Civility in the resistance wave?
The three politicians featured on "Powerhouse Politics" all expressed a civility that many pundits bemoan as absent in today's politics, whether talking about their opponents or about Trump.
Despite his strong feelings about Trump's rhetoric and plans to slash the number of refugees admitted to the U.S., Helena's mayor-elect says he would welcome the president if he ever wanted to visit.
"He is also my commander-in-chief. I have seven months to retire from the U.S. military, so I would welcome the commander-in-chief and the president of this country into my city and ask, 'What can I do?'" said Collins.
Hoboken Mayor-elect Bhalla also stresses finding common ground over divisiveness.
"I would extend a hand of friendship. President Trump is an American just like I am," he says. "We're part of the same country. We're part of the same world. I would want to work with him on issues of common concern and common interests."
As for that candidate sharing jokes about a woman's role in the kitchen, Bennett says she would sit down for coffee or dinner with the county official she ran against.
"I don't hate him in any way, because I don't know him well enough to do so. What I have found is an incredible sense of tone-deafness. Certainly it's a shame that that exists, and I hope there is some change," Bennett told the "Powerhouse Politics" podcast. "At the end of the day, he served our country as a veteran and he served our community for 20 years. And that has to have some place of value, and it has a place of value to me."
To hear their stories, listen to the "Powerhouse Politics" podcast on iTunes, Stitcher, TuneIn or on ABC Radio.
Embattled Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore denied allegations of sexual misconduct again today at a press conference in Birmingham alongside faith leaders and his wife, Kayla.
Interested in Roy Moore? Add Roy Moore as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roy Moore news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Moore said that the accusations against him are "an effort by Mitch McConnell and his cronies to steal this election from the people of Alabama."
McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, and a score of top Republicans have called on Moore to leave the race.
Moore called the allegations, first reported by the Washington Post, false.
"They're not only untrue, but they have no evidence to support them," he said.
During the press conference, Moore was surrounded by more than a dozen faith and political leaders — including former Alan Keyes — who all offered impassioned defenses.
Moore left no doubt about whether he will drop out of the race for the seat once held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
"I'll quit standing when they lay me in that box and put me in the ground," Moore said.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said during today's press briefing that the decision on whether or not Moore should be a U.S. senator should be left to the people of Alabama.
"The president said in his statement earlier this week that if the allegations are true, then Roy Moore should step aside. He still believes that," Sanders said.
The Alabama Republican Party today also released a statement of support for Moore.
"The ALGOP Steering Committee supports Judge Roy Moore as our nominee and trusts the voters as they make the ultimate decision in this crucial race," the party said in a statement.
The special election between Moore and his Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, is scheduled to be held on December 12.
White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law, failed to disclose campaign emails regarding Russian overtures to the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks to congressional investigators, top senators on the Senate Judiciary Committee said Thursday.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In a letter circulated to media outlets, chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and ranking member Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said Kushner failed to provide the committee with all the documents requested as part of their investigation into Russian election interference.
"We appreciate your voluntary cooperation with the committee's investigation, but the production appears to have been incomplete," they wrote in a letter to Kushner's lawyer, Abbe Lowell.
On Thursday, Grassley and Feinstein referenced "several documents that are known to exist" that Kushner did not previously turn over to the committee.
Those documents, they said, include an email to Kushner about WikiLeaks that he forwarded to another campaign official, another regarding a "Russian backdoor overture and dinner invite" Kushner also forwarded, and "communications" with Belorussian-American businessman Sergei Millian.
Millian, a naturalized American citizen who led a Russian-American business group, is reported to be the source of some of the allegations in an uncorroborated intelligence dossier about Trump and Russians. He was in Moscow in 2013 at the time the dossier claimed Trump was involved with Russian prostitutes. Millian has said he was not the source.
Keith Schiller, Trump's former head of security who accompanied him to Moscow in 2013 for the Miss Universe pageant, recently told House investigators he turned down an offer to provide Trump with women in Moscow, and that he thought the offer was a joke.
Grassley and Feinstein also asked Kushner to turn over phone records and documents related to Kushner's security clearance and President Trump.
"You also raised concerns that certain documents might implicate the President's Executive Privilege and declined to produce those documents," they wrote. "We ask that you work with White House counsel to resolve any questions of privilege so that you can produce the documents that have been requested."
Lowell, Kushner's attorney, tells ABC News, "Mr. Kushner and we have been responsive to all requests. We provided the Judiciary Committee with all relevant documents that had to do with Mr. Kushner's calls, contacts or meetings with Russians during the campaign and transition, which was the request."
"We also informed the committee we will be open to responding to any additional requests and that we will continue to work with White House Counsel for any responsive documents from after the inauguration. We have been in a dialogue with the committee and will continue to do so as part of Mr. Kushner's voluntary cooperation with relevant bi-partisan inquiries.
The warning to Kushner's team comes amid new developments regarding the Trump campaign and Russia.
Earlier this week, Donald Trump Jr. admitted to communicating with WikiLeaks over Twitter's direct messaging system. During the election the group released emails from Democrats that U.S. intelligence officials believe were hacked in an effort orchestrated by the Russian government.
And on Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions was questioned once again about his knowledge of campaign contacts with Russia. He initially said he was not aware of such contacts, a claim that was scrutinized after unsealed court documents and congressional testimony indicated that he was aware of campaign aides' contacts with Russians.
Kushner, who is of interest to investigators because of his proximity to Trump and his role in a June 2016 Trump Tower meeting with campaign officials and a Russian lawyer, was questioned by House and Senate Intelligence Committee investigators last summer.
The Senate Judiciary Committee, which also seeks an interview with Kushner, asked him to turn over documents by Nov. 27.
In the wake of the recent mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, a bipartisan group of senators introduced a bill Thursday meant to strengthen the existing background check system for firearms.
The Fix NICS Act, which refers to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, would set up incentives and penalties for state and federal agencies to boost their compliance with existing requirements that they report criminal history records to the system, helping ensure it stays up to date.
"Just one record that's not properly reported can lead to tragedy, as the country saw last week in Sutherland Springs, Texas," Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said in a statement on Thursday. "This bill aims to help fix what's become a nationwide, systemic problem so we can better prevent criminals and domestic abusers from obtaining firearms."
Devin P. Kelley, the man who has been identified by federal and state law enforcement officials as the shooter who killed 26 people, including an unborn child, in Texas on Nov. 5, was court-martialed while in the Air Force on charges of assault on his wife and child in 2012. But his convictions were not reported to the background check service used for gun buyers, and he was able to purchase the weapon that was used in the Nov. 5 shooting.
Outspoken gun control advocate Sen. Chris Murphy and Sen. Richard Blumenthal, both Democrats from Connecticut, helped Cornyn craft the bill in a rare instance of bipartisanship on the issue. It is also being backed by Republican Senators Tim Scott of South Carolina, Orrin Hatch of Utah and Dean Heller of Nevada, as well as Democrats Dianne Feinstein of California and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire.
"Mass murderers in Sutherland Springs, Charleston, and Blacksburg were legally prohibited from accessing firearms, but gaps in NICS allowed each of them to walk out of a gun store with the weapons used to commit their crimes," Blumenthal said.
The announcement of the bill comes one day after another bipartisan group of senators — made up of Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., Martin Heinrich, D-N.M., and Shaheen — sent a letter to Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis to ask how the Department of Defense classifies and reports cases of domestic violence, specifically referring to Kelley and the Texas church shooting.
"The recent tragedy in Texas has raised serious questions about cooperation between the military justice system and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in preventing statutorily barred persons from purchasing firearms," the letter read. "As you know, the military failed to send pertinent information relating to Devin P. Kelley's domestic violence related convictions to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) at the FBI."
The Fix NICS Act would punish federal agencies that fail to upload relevant records to the background check system by prohibiting bonuses for political appointees, and would incentivize state agencies to comply by offering federal grants.
It would also allot funding for a Domestic Abuse and Violence Prevention Initiative "to ensure that states have adequate resources and incentives to share all relevant information with NICS showing that a felon or domestic abuser is excluded from purchasing firearms under current law," according to a statement announcing the bill.
Murphy, who advocates more sweeping gun control legislation than the Fix NICS bill, said that it is a step in the right direction.
"It's no secret that I believe much more needs to be done. But this bill will make sure that thousands of dangerous people are prevented from buying guns," Murphy said, adding that the bill "provides the foundation for more compromise in the future."
Democrats have been calling for impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump, with varying levels of seriousness.
Here is a breakdown of how the process unfolds, if and when it happens.
The presidential impeachment process
An impeachment proceeding is the formal process by which a sitting president of the United States may be accused of wrongdoing. The articles of impeachment are the list of charges drafted against the president. The vice president and all civil officers of the U.S. can also face impeachment.
The process begins in the U.S. House of Representatives, where any member of the House may make a suggestion to launch an impeachment proceeding. It is then up to the speaker of the House, as leader of the majority party, to determine whether or not to proceed with an inquiry into the alleged wrongdoing.
"The critical determination comes to the speaker about whether or not to forward it," said Michael Gerhardt, a constitutional law professor at the University of North Carolina who authored a book on the impeachment process.
If there is a decision to proceed, the speaker would decide if the House Judiciary Committee handles the impeachment inquiry, or if a separate special committee is formed.
The special committee would be empowered to broaden the focus of the inquiry -- or investigation.
If the speaker assigns the House Judiciary Committee to investigate, there is no time limit placed on their investigation and a likely public hearing would be scheduled at the discretion of the committee chair to vote on the articles of impeachment.
A simple majority of the members of the committee would have to vote in favor of approving an article or articles of impeachment in order to proceed to a vote by the full House. The House Judiciary Committee currently consists of 17 Democrats and 24 Republicans; 21 votes in favor would be necessary.
Each article of impeachment that is passed by a simple majority vote in committee would then be voted on by the full House of Representatives. If any of those articles gets a simple majority vote, which is 50 percent plus one more vote, "the House will have impeached the president," Gerhardt said.
What does an impeachment vote mean for a sitting president?
A president can continue governing even after he or she has been impeached by the House of Representatives. After then-Pres. Bill Clinton was impeached on Dec. 19, 1998, he remained president for another year, during which time he was acquitted in a Senate impeachment trial. While Clinton continued governing, and the impeachment had no legal or official impact, his legacy is marred by the proceeding.
Where does the Senate come in?
Getty Images
The Senate is tasked with handling the impeachment trial in which there is a higher threshold that must be reached in order for an impeachment to go forward. What that means is that in the Senate, a higher percentage of the body has to vote in favor of conviction than in the House of Representatives. In the House, a simple majority is needed, and in the Senate, they need a two-thirds majority, or 67 percent.
"If the Senate fails to convict, then [the president] will have been impeached but not removed," Gerhardt said, pointing to Presidents Bill Clinton and Andrew Johnson as examples of this. In neither Clinton nor Johnson's Senate trials was a two-thirds majority reached.
According to the Constitution, at least two-thirds of the Senate has to concur to convict and remove the president from office. Once the president is removed, the vice president typically succeeds him or the normal course of the line of succession will be followed.
While the Senate trial has the power to oust a president from office, it does not have the power to send a president to jail.
Suzanna Sherry, a law professor at Vanderbilt University who specializes in constitutional law, said of what the Senate conviction can actually do in terms of punishment, "The worst that can happen is that he is removed from office, that's the sole punishment."
That said, president can face later criminal charges. Sherry points to the constitutional note that "the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judgment and punishment, according to law."
One important factor to keep in mind about the outcomes of a Senate impeachment trial is that neither of the previous such trials has ever reached a conviction -- they both ended in acquittals -- so there is no precedent where the vice president or anyone else in the line of succession has taken over.
Past presidential impeachments
No U.S. president has ever been forced out of office as a result of an impeachment. There have been three presidents who have either been impeached or come close: Presidents Clinton, Johnson and Richard Nixon.
Nixon faced articles of impeachment, meaning that the House Judiciary Committee approved three articles of impeachment in relation to the Watergate scandal, but didn't let the process get any further.
Bettmann Archive via Getty Images
"He faced articles of impeachment but he resigned before the house could impeach him," Gerhardt said.
Johnson was one vote shy of being convicted by the Senate, whose impeachment included 11 charges and the majority of those had to do with the firing of his secretary of war, which went against a tenure act.
Clinton, whose impeachment was connected to the cover-up of his affair with Monica Lewinsky while in office, was 22 votes away from reaching the necessary number of votes in the Senate.
Justification for impeachment
When it comes to impeachment, the Constitution lists "treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors," as justification for the proceedings, but the vagueness of the third option has caused problems in the past.
"It was a central issue with Andrew Johnson, and there was a question during Clinton's proceedings about whether his lie was a 'low' crime or a 'high' crime," Gerhardt said.
Sherry said that "nobody knows" what is specifically included or not included in the Constitution's broad definition.
"It's only happened twice and so the general thought is that it means whatever the House and the Senate think it means," Sherry said, explaining that the speaker of the House is the one to call for a committee to investigate, and even if the House approves the article or articles of impeachment, the senators can choose to vote against the articles if they feel they are not appropriate.
Jacquelyn Martin/AP
The Senate has 52 Republican senators, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
But any potential impeachment for Trump would first depend on Ryan calling for a committee to hold an impeachment hearing, which Gerhardt thinks is "very, very unlikely."
Aside from the fact that an impeachment hearing is "highly unusual" and infrequent, Gerhardt said "politically I think there's not the support for doing it. Speaker Ryan, even though he's speaker, is going to be very sensitive for what his party wants to do."
The office of Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke was warned Wednesday that an investigation into Zinke's official travel was delayed by "absent, or incomplete documentation," the latest snag in the months-long controversy over Trump administration officials' travel.
The Interior Department's inspector general issued the management advisory to Zinke's office, explaining that paperwork for the secretary's travel was insufficient and that the department's ethics office had not included sufficient documentation in its trip reviewing process. Such warnings are given when the department needs to be made aware of a deficiency immediately, so it may begin working to correct it, according to a spokesperson.
The advisory further notes that the inspector general has been unable to determine the number of trips by which Zinke was accompanied by his wife, Lolita Zinke, due to the incomplete records. It does state that, aside from the documentation issue, the department has cooperated with the probe.
Scrutiny of Cabinet members' travel reached its apex earlier in the fall after a number of officials found themselves in the midst of inquiries over their use of private and military aircraft in lieu of commercial flights. Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price resigned in late September, expressing regret that the issue of his more than 25 chartered and military flights "created a distraction."
The investigation into Ryan Zinke's travel began after he chartered three flights since March totaling $12,375. A spokesperson for the secretary has said that commercial options weren't viable in each instance. Other officials whose travel is under audit include Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt.
The Interior Department's inspector general's office is asking Ryan Zinke's office to provide complete documentation by Dec. 11 as well as develop better procedures to process travel documents in the future.
Deputy Interior Secretary David Bernhardt blamed his and Ryan Zinke's predecessors at the department in his response to the inspector general's letter, writing: "When I arrived at the department … it was clear to me that the secretary and I inherited an organizational and operational mess from the previous administration."
Bernhardt added that they are following the same procedures used under former Secretary Sally Jewell and that they "remain dysfunctional." He pledged that the department will work to provide documents for travel in 2017 and will start documenting travel for Lolita Zinke.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke out against news the Trump administration is considering appointing a special counsel to investigate her alleged ties to the Uranium One deal in an interview with Mother Jones on Wednesday.
Interested in Hillary Clinton? Add Hillary Clinton as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Hillary Clinton news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Clinton called the possibility a "disastrous step into politicizing the Justice Department" and "such an abuse of power."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions authorized senior prosecutors at the Justice Department to evaluate whether allegations regarding the Clinton Foundation and the sale of a uranium company need to be investigated by a special counsel, according to a letter he sent the House Judiciary Committee on Monday, ABC News reports.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly said Clinton should be investigated for the 2010 sale of part of the Canadian mining company Uranium One to a Russian buyer, which had to be approved by the U.S. government. Several government agencies were involved in the approval, including the State Department, which Clinton was in charge of at the time.
Alex Brandon/AP
Republicans have raised questions because around the same time, business associates of Uranium One donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.
Clinton said such an investigation would have devastating consequences for the justice system in America, going as far as to say the move signaled moving to a "dictatorship."
"If they send a signal that we're going to be like some dictatorship, like some authoritarian regime, where political opponents are going to be unfairly, fraudulently investigated, that rips at the fabric of the contract we have, that we can trust our justice system," Clinton told Mother Jones.
Sessions had said he would recuse himself from any Clinton-related investigations in the past.
LaToya Cantrell, a City Council member who first gained a political following as she worked to help her hard-hit neighborhood recover from Hurricane Katrina, won a historic election Saturday that made her the first woman mayor of New Orleans.
The Democrat will succeed term-limited fellow Democrat Mitch Landrieu as the city celebrates its 300th anniversary next year.
"Almost 300 years, my friends. And New Orleans, we're still making history," Cantrell told a cheering crowd in her victory speech.
The leader in most polls before the runoff election, she never trailed as votes were counted.
Her opponent, former municipal Judge Desiree Charbonnet, conceded the race and congratulated Cantrell late Saturday. Later, complete returns showed Cantrell with 60 percent of the vote.
"I do not regret one moment of anything about this campaign," Charbonnet said.
The two women led a field of 18 candidates in an October general election to win runoff spots.
Landrieu earned credit for accelerating the recovery from Hurricane Katrina in an administration cited for reduced blight, improvements in the celebrated tourism economy and economic development that included last week's announcement that a digital services company is bringing 2,000 new jobs to the city.
But Cantrell will face lingering problems. Crime is one. Another is dysfunction at the agency overseeing the city's drinking water system and storm drainage — a problem that became evident during serious flash flooding in August.
About 32 percent of the city's voters took part in last month's election. It was unclear whether turnout would surpass that on Saturday.
Cantrell faced questions about her use of a city credit card. Charbonnet had to fight back against critics who cast her as an insider who would steer city work to cronies.
Katrina was a theme in the backstory of both candidates. Cantrell moved to the city from California. Her work as a neighborhood activist in the aftermath of Katrina in the hard-hit Broadmoor neighborhood helped her win a seat on council in 2012.
Charbonnet, from a well-known political family in New Orleans, was the city's elected recorder of mortgages before she was a judge. In the campaign she made a point of saying hers was the first city office to re-open after Katrina, providing critical property records to the displaced.
Cantrell entered the race as the perceived front-runner, leading in fundraising and in various polls. She had an 11 percentage point lead in a poll released last week by the University of New Orleans. It showed 46 percent of 602 voters surveyed from Nov. 1-8 favored Cantrell over Charbonnet, who had 35 percent; 20 percent were undecided.
Former state civil court Judge Michael Bagneris, who finished third in last month's race, endorsed Cantrell, as did Troy Henry, a businessman who also ran for the post last month.
UNO political science professor Edward Chervenak said the endorsements appeared to help Cantrell overcome revelations that she had used her city-issued credit card for thousands of dollars in purchases without clear indications that they were for public purposes. The money was eventually reimbursed but questions lingered about whether she had improperly used city money for personal or campaign expenditures.
Voters also made history in a New Orleans City Council race.
Cyndi Nguyen defeated incumbent James Gray in an eastern New Orleans district. An immigrant who fled Vietnam with her family when she was 5 in 1975, Nguyen is the organizer of a nonprofit and will be the first Vietnamese-American to serve on the council.
The president of the Italian Senate revealed Saturday that the Mafia's "boss of bosses" allegedly had targeted him to be assassinated next after twin bomb blasts killed Italy's two leading Sicilian magistrates.
Senate President Piero Grasso served as a judge for the Mafia trial in the 1980s that yielded convictions for hundreds of mobsters. Among them was top Cosa Nostra boss Salvatore "Toto" Riina, then a fugitive who was tried in absentia.
Grasso told La Stampa newspaper in an interview that Mafia turncoats had revealed that Riina, who died Friday at age 87 in the prison ward of an Italian hospital, ordered a hit on him in 1992.
Investigators have said Riina commanded the Mafia during 23 years on the run. , Grasso said the mob boss targeted him after prosecutors Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino were killed by bomb attacks two months apart that year.
The alleged plot called for Grasso to be killed by a remotely detonated bomb in Monreale, Sicily, where he frequently visited family, the Senate president said.
Grasso recounted that a nearby bank's alarm system interfered with the bomb's timer and so the assassination attempt was abandoned.
"There was the danger that the bomb would explode when it shouldn't have," Grasso said. "Then, in January (1993), Riina was captured, and that's why I'm here today to recount you this."
Riina was serving 26 life sentences when he died. He was convicted of some 100 murders, many of them masterminded by him to eliminate rival Mafia bosses, according to prosecutors.
Before his 1993 capture, he also targeted police investigators, prosecutors and others who were cracking down on the Sicilian crime syndicate.
His widow, Antonina Bagarella, arrived Saturday in Parma, a city in northern Italy, where an autopsy was performed on her late husband. Other family members came to the morgue for the autopsy required for prison inmates. Daughter Maria Concetta shooed away journalists who tried to speak with her.
The Roman Catholic archbishop of the diocese that includes Riina's Sicilian hometown of Corleone has ruled out a church funeral Mass for the late crime kingpin, calling him a "public sinner." However, he left open the possibility for a private prayer service in the Corleone cemetery.
A sister of slain prosecutor Falcone hailed the decision to prohibit a public funeral service. Maria Falcone told reporters at an event in Milan Saturday that along with a trail of bloodshed, Riina "leaves so many secrets he didn't want to reveal."
"I don't rejoice over Toto Riina's death, but I don't forgive him," the Italian news agency ANSA quoted Falcone as saying, "because he never asked to be forgiven."
———
Frances D'Emilio is on twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Gerry Adams, the divisive politician known around the world as the face of the Irish republican movement as it shifted from violence to peace, announced Saturday that he was stepping down as leader of Sinn Fein next year after heading the party for over 30 years.
The 69-year-old veteran politician — who has been president of Northern Ireland's second-largest party since 1983 — told the party's annual conference in Dublin he would not run in the next Irish parliamentary elections.
"Leadership means knowing when it is time for change and that time is now," he said, adding the move was part of an ongoing process of leadership transition within the party.
A divisive figure, some have denounced Adams as a terrorist while others hail him as a peacemaker.
He was a key figure in Ireland's republican movement, which seeks to take Northern Ireland out of the U.K. and unite it with the Republic of Ireland.
The dominant faction of the movement's armed wing, the Provisional IRA, killed nearly 1,800 people during a failed 1970-1997 campaign to force Northern Ireland out of the U.K. It renounced violence and surrendered its weapons in 2005.
Although many identify Adams as a member of the IRA since 1966 and a commander for decades, Adams has long insisted he was never a member.
Adams was key in the peace process that saw the signing of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement and the formation of the power-sharing government in Northern Ireland.
Many believe Sinn Fein's popularity among voters is hampered by the presence of leaders from Ireland's era of Troubles.
The party is expected to elect a successor next year. Current deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald was seen as a favorite to succeed Adams.
Two U.S. servicemen whose remains were identified more than six decades after they were killed overseas during World War II will finally get funerals in their California hometowns.
The Defense Department says Army Air Forces 1st Lt. Homer Spence and Marine Corps Reserve Assistant Cook Frank Masoni will be buried Saturday with military honors. Spence's funeral is in Manteca, and the service for Masoni is in Gilroy.
The plane Spence was piloting disappeared during a mission over southern Germany in July 1944. He was 22. The wreckage was found in 2010, and Spence's remains were identified using DNA analysis.
Masoni was killed in November 1943 during a battle with Japanese forces on an island in the Pacific Ocean. He was 21. His remains were identified using dental and other records.
The Latest on developments surrounding Lebanon's crisis with Saudi Arabia in the wake of Prime Minister Saad Hariri's resignation (all times local):
8:50 p.m.
The French presidency says it is essential to protect Lebanon from "negative" foreign influences because the country needs a "strong state."
A high official in French President Emmanuel Macron's office said Saturday that France aims to see Lebanon "regain its stability."
The official didn't name any specific foreign countries allegedly interfering in Lebanon's internal affairs but said Lebanon should be protected from the "dangers that regional crises can pose to it."
The official said France supports Lebanon's policy of "decoupling" itself from regional crises.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity in accordance with French presidential policy, was speaking after Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri met Macron at the French presidential palace and said he'll return to Lebanon in the coming days.
———
7:20 p.m.
The French presidency says France is not worried that Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri left two of his children in Saudi Arabia before coming to France, adding that he will return to Lebanon in the coming days.
A high official in French President Emmanuel Macron's office said Saturday "we have no reason to be concerned about this."
"He left two of his children in Riyadh because dad and mom thought it best to leave two children in Riyadh," the official said, answering questions about whether, as some have suggested, Saudi Arabia could use the children's whereabouts to maintain pressure on Hariri.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity in accordance with French presidential policy.
After a face-to-face meeting with Macron, Hariri was joined by his wife and their eldest son for a lunch at the Elysee, the French presidential palace.
———
3:15 p.m.
Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad Hariri says he will return to Lebanon in the coming days to take part in Independence Day celebrations adding that he will make his political stance clear upon his arrival.
Hariri spoke to reporters in Paris Saturday after a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron during which he thanked France for the "positive political role" it is playing in the Middle East.
Hariri was joined for lunch at the Elysee Palace by his wife and older son along with Macron and his wife.
Hariri made a short statement in French and similar one in Arabic in which he said: "As you know I have resigned and we will speak about this matter there (Lebanon)."
Lebanese President Michel Aoun refused to accept the resignation that was made through a TV broadcast in Saudi Arabia, and accused the kingdom of holding Hariri against his will.
———
12:15 p.m.
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri is meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris after a tense stay in Saudi Arabia that unleashed fears of a new political crisis in Lebanon.
Hariri arrived Saturday in France on Macron's invitation, and pulled up to the Elysee Palace courtyard in a convoy before being greeted by the French leader on the steps.
It's Hariri's first appearance outside Saudi Arabia since he made a strange resignation announcement Nov. 4 that some feared was Saudi-engineered. Hariri insisted that he was not a Saudi hostage.
Lebanese state-run National News Agency says Hariri told Lebanese President Michel Aoun that he would return for independence day ceremonies Wednesday. Macron has sought to mediate in the crisis. France has centuries old ties to Lebanon.
———
10:15 a.m.
Lebanon's state-run National News Agency is reporting that President Michel Aoun has received a telephone call from Prime Minister Saad Hariri after his arrival in Paris and Hariri informed him that he will take part in Independence Day celebrations in Beirut next week.
Lebanon will mark Independence Day on Wednesday and there have been concerns about whether Hariri will attend the annual celebrations. The ceremony is usually headed by the president, prime minister and parliament speaker.
It is the first official comment on when Hariri is likely to be back in Beirut since his Nov. 4 resignation through a broadcast on a Saudi-owned TV station from Saudi Arabia.
NNA quoted a presidential statement saying that Hariri informed the president that he arrived in Paris with his wife earlier Saturday.
———
9:45 a.m.
The office of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri says he has arrived in Paris with his wife from Saudi Arabia without mentioning two of his children.
The statement says Hariri will meet French President Emmanuel Macron later and have lunch with him along with his wife, Lara, and older son Hussam.
The statement did not mention Hariri's younger son, Abdul-Aziz, and daughter Loulwa.
Lebanese local media outlets say Hariri's younger children are still in Saudi Arabia where they are attending school.
Hariri's older son, Hussam, studies in Britain and arrived in Paris to meet his parents.
Hariri's cousin and close aide, Nader Hariri, was seen walking into the Paris residence Saturday morning. Nader Hariri told the local LBC TV that he arrived alone in Paris without other family members from Lebanon.
Hariri's resignation in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia Nov. 4 has thrown Lebanon into a serious political crisis. Lebanese President Michel Aoun refused to accept it, accusing the Saudis of holding him against his will.
———
7:45 a.m.
Lebanese TV stations have shown Prime Minister Saad Hariri arriving in France from Saudi Arabia amid political turmoil.
The stations showed Hariri walking out of his car outside his Paris home and moving straight into the building without speaking to journalists.
The prime minister was accompanied by his wife Lara al-Azm on Saturday, but none of his three children appeared in the footage.
Hariri announced his resignation Nov. 4 in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia throwing Lebanon into a serious political crisis. Lebanese President Michel Aoun refused to accept it, accusing the Saudis of holding him against his will.
———
6:40 a.m.
Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad Hariri says his stay in Saudi Arabia has been to consult with officials there on the future of Lebanon and its relations with its Arab neighbors.
He dismissed as "rumors" reports about his alleged detention in the kingdom.
Hariri's tweet on Friday came hours before he was expected in France two weeks after his surprise resignation in Saudi Arabia.
The office of French President Emmanuel Macron said Hariri was expected in Paris' presidential palace by midday Saturday. Macron said Hariri will be received "with the honors due a prime minister," even though he has announced his resignation, since Lebanon hasn't yet recognized it.
Actress Ann Wedgeworth, who gained fame on film and Broadway before taking on the role of a flirty divorcee on "Three's Company," has died at age 83.
Wedgeworth died Thursday in the New York area after a long illness, her daughter Dianna Martin said.
Wedgeworth landed her first Broadway role in the 1958 comedy "Make a Million" and continued to take on stage roles for decades. She won the 1978 Tony award for best featured actress in a play for her performance in Neil Simon's "Chapter Two."
She acted in several soap operas and also found success in Hollywood with roles alongside Gene Hackman in the 1973 film "Scarecrow" and Robert De Niro in "Bang the Drum Slowly" the same year.
But she's perhaps best known for her brief tenure on the TV sitcom "Three's Comedy," where she played Lana Shields, an older woman with her eyes set on her young neighbor Jack, played by John Ritter.
She appeared on only nine episodes of the show before her character was written out, which she said took her by surprise. In a 1980 interview with People, Wedgeworth said she "had no warning or explanation. Suddenly everyone was very cold to me."
Wedgeworth continued to tally TV and film credits for decades, including appearing in "Steel Magnolias" in 1989 and starring on the CBS series "Evening Shade" with Burt Reynolds from 1990 to 1994.
She was born in Abilene, Texas, in 1934. Her father was the superintendent of a local school and her mother died when Ann was 2 years old. After getting a drama degree from Southern Methodist University, she moved to New York City in the 1950s to pursue a theater career.
She married actor Rip Torn and the couple had a daughter, Danae Torn, before ending their five-year marriage in 1961. Wedgeworth later married acting teacher Ernest Martin and had her second daughter, Dianna Martin.
Wedgeworth is survived by her husband, her two daughters and stepsons Michael Martin and Greg Martin.
Haruyuki Sano traveled over an hour for a taste of the same cheeseburger President Donald Trump ate with the Japanese prime minister during his visit last week.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
"It tasted great, like steak," the pastry-maker said, after savoring the 100 percent U.S. Angus beef Colby Jack Cheeseburger at Tokyo's tiny Munch's Burger Shack on Thursday.
The lines at the door during lunchtime are getting longer than ever, thanks to Trump.
Trump's tough-talk on issues like bilateral trade and security tend to get a mixed response in places like Japan, which sees the U.S. as its most important ally and partner. But his love for the Japanese take on the all-American hamburger is striking a chord with many here.
Eugene Hoshiko/AP
"I like Trump," said Sano, stressing that putting one's country first amid globalization made a lot of sense, and Japan should do that, too.
While better known for sushi, soba and tempura, Japan has had a long love affair with American food. So-called "premium burgers," which are more expensive than the fast-food versions at double the price or more, are growing popular.
The "President Trump Set," a new addition to the menu at Munch's Burger, which includes a serving of coleslaw and a side of fries with the cheeseburger, sells for 1,400 yen ($12). The juicy beef patty comes layered with crisp lettuce, melted cheese and tomato between hot soft buns.
The Associated Press
These days, it's one of the most popular orders, says owner-cum-chef Yutaka Yanagisawa, who recalls Trump shaking his hand after eating the burger and saying, "Very good. Very good."
"I felt so honored," he said, adding that all he could muster in reply was a "thank you."
Since Trump wanted his meat well-done, that's how the order was placed for both burgers in case the servings get mixed up on the table.
"That would have been a disaster," Yanagisawa said with a laugh.
The experience of eating out in Tokyo is becoming more about fun storytelling, such as sharing Instagram photos of meals, says Jotaro Fujii, a Tokyo-based food consultant and the founder of Subway Japan.
Eugene Hoshiko/AP
And so the "Trump effect" for the humble burger joint is expected to be huge.
"Talk of lines brings more lines," said Fujii. "Rather than mere taste, the value and joy come from being able to say: I had the same burger as Trump."
Munch's Burger is up against some competition. Not only are there the ubiquitous McDonald's and Burger King chains, and relative newcomer Shake Shack, but Japanese burger joints are popping up, such as Shake Tree, which serves the breadless burger.
Yanagisawa's dream is to open a restaurant in New York. He hopes to show what Japanese sensitivity and attention to detail can bring to a burger.
"It must have that handmade element," he said. "More than anything, it is about the feelings you put in for the customer, in each and every burger."
———
Yuri Kageyama can be reached at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Polar bears are an enduring symbol of the wild arctic, a mighty beast that has made its home in punishing terrains. But in recent years, the polar bear has come to embody something else: A creature caught in a world that's disappearing under its feet.
Interested in Animals? Add Animals as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Animals news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Each fall, the bears descend in hordes on the tiny Alaskan village of Kaktovik, located on Barter Island, hugging the state's northern coast.
And the bears are hungry.
rosesjolander.com
Polar bears wandering into the town, with its population of just 239 people, proved to be such a problem there that a polar bear patrol now sweeps the streets looking for the animals.
One of the things attracting the bears to this area is what the locals call, "the bone pile," a spot on shore where whale carcasses have been left for years and years. Marie Rexford, who grew up on this island, said locals are allowed to hunt three whales annually, which they rely on to survive, and they leave the carcasses at the bone pile. The polar bears will then come at dusk and feed on what's left.
But, they are coming earlier and earlier because, experts say, the sea ice they depend on has been disappearing.
ABC News
The polar bears' close proximity to the town has also sparked a tourism boom. But, while locals are familiar with the roaming bears and know how to handle them, the town's mayor worries the tourists do not.
"There are some people that just come on here and try to go out to the bone pile or walk themselves. They don't really understand they are wild animals and their demeanor can change just like that," said Mayor Nora Jane Burns. "If they get mauled or killed, it is on us, and most people don't understand that."
There are limited commercial flights to Barter Island and Kaktovik can be reached by smaller planes. Tourists who want to go "bear watching" can be seen out on chartered boats at sunset, taking pictures of the bears at the bone pile.
"What makes it worth it to me is simply seeing a living symbol, a beautiful white bear walking along the beach who's basically here only because the ice hasn't frozen yet, ice that would have frozen years ago," said a tourist named Ed Bennett.
ABC News
Bruce Inglangasak, who captained a boat for the ABC News team, said the bears come close to land to look for food.
"Every year in the fall time, they will hang out here until it is mid-November, and the ice starts forming out in the ocean," Inglangasak said. "When that starts happening, the seals go on the ice and that's where the polar bears get their seals on the ice. And if the ice is not there, they don't get enough."
The ABC News team traveled to the bone pile by land, in an SUV with a guide, Robert Thompson. He said the team could get out and snap a few shots of the bears, but said to be prepared to run back to the car very, very quickly.
When he first came to the bone pile, Thompson said he could see pack ice all summer long.
"Now there is 150 miles of open water and more in some places," he said. "We've been hunting whales for about 10,000 years. So they're not coming here because of the bones, the remains of the whales that we catch. They are coming because their habitat has gone away."
"The world should be interested in this," he added.
Thompson pointed to evidence that the climate up there is changing.
"You can see where the permafrost is melting," he said. "You see the ground cracked over there and it is open, and when it melts more, the water flows out."
ABC News
ABC News
Scientists say less and less of this crucial ice returns each year. In this part of the world, the sea ice is declining at a rate of nine percent every 10 years -- a dramatic number to polar bear conservationists.
Dr. James Wilder, a U.S. Forest Service biologist, studies the polar bear population in the Beaufort Sea near Barter Island. While he said the numbers don't show a scientifically significant increase in the number of bears visiting the island, they do reveal something.
"Polar bears are showing up earlier," Wilder said. "They used to show up in the beginning of September. Now we see them showing up in late July, August and staying for longer. And that seems to be correlated with the availability of sea ice, so if sea ice melts earlier than it used to, then bears will come to shore sooner."
Erosion too has affected much of Alaska's arctic coast, chipping away at beaches, threatening towns and habitats.
"I think the rest of the world should look at this and say it is going to happen more to other people in other areas," Thompson said. "It has an effect on marine life and marine mammals and the wildlife on land are affected."
Organizations, such as the U.S. Geological Survey, are trying to figure out just how climate change could be affecting these polar bears.
In the winter, when the bears reach the sea ice, researchers like Dr. Todd Atwood with the USGS will tranquilize them from helicopters to collect samples from the bears.
Atwood said his team will spend about 45 to 50 minutes with each bear they capture, collecting data that includes body measurements and physical stature, as well as looking at how the bears' physical stature may be changing over time.
"I think the most surprising thing for me personally has been the complexity of their behaviors," Atwood said. "You know we've seen them adapt to some pretty dramatic changes in the Arctic sea ice ecosystem."
"We're seeing them use terrestrial habitats to an extent that we didn't expect them to be able to use," he added. "We're seeing them switch to certain food items that we didn't expect them to switch to."
Atwood's team said they collect and study hair samples from the bears for a project devoted to characterizing the bears' stress levels.
"We can quantify the amount of cortisol, which is a stress hormone, in these hair samples and we can relate that to the how the environment has changed around polar bears, to figure out if those environmental changes are causing an increase in stress levels," he said.
But, in order to figure out how polar bears are affected by a warming climate, Atwood said more research is needed. The bears are currently categorized as a "vulnerable" species, meaning they are at high risk of endangerment in the wild. There are an estimated 20,000 to 25,000 left in the wild.
"I think from a circumpolar perspective, the primary threat to polar bears is sea ice," he continued. "Where you have good high quality sea ice habitat you generally have healthy polar bear populations."
The opposite appears to also be true, he said, "Where you have areas that have experienced large declines in the availability of sea ice, you tend to have populations that are a bit stressed."
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
For the people of Kaktovik, their way of life is at risk, as well. Rexford said locals used to store the whale meat they caught in natural ice cellars. But then, she said, they were all "washed out."
"Erosion got all of them," Rexford said. "They are all gone."
The old cellars rely on permafrost to keep food frozen, but Rexford said now most of them are "filled up with water" and it's impossible to use them once they are flooded.
The town has a grocery store, but everything is expensive because the island is remote for suppliers. Eggs will run about $7.25 to $8.75, the store manager, Michelle Kayotuk, said, a bottle of lotion can cost $21 and a bottle of conditioner can set you back $34.
"It is tourist season now. I am finally getting my shipments in," Kayotuk said. "The planes are fully loaded with tourists and we are slowly getting in our mail and our groceries ... it is challenging."
The embattled head of Puerto Rico's power authority is stepping down, ABC News has confirmed.
Interested in Puerto Rico? Add Puerto Rico as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Puerto Rico news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
PREPA executive director Ricardo Ramos presented his letter of resignation to the agency's governing board today.
"There were a series of distractions, and he made the decision to go in a different direction," Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello told reporters in Spanish. "My job now is to restore the electric system."
The governor suggested PREPA's board name engineer Justo González, who has served as director of generation at PREPA since March, as interim director.
The island's power grid has struggled since Hurricane Maria made landfall 58 days ago. Currently, fewer than 45 percent of customers have power.
Jose A. Iglesias/Miami Herald/TNS via Getty Images
Ramos had faced backlash since he approved a $300 million contract with Whitefish, a tiny, Montana-based energy company with just two full-time employees, to repair downed transmission lines crisscrossing the mountains, rather than requesting mutual aid from other public utility companies.
Critics, including lawmakers and FEMA, questioned the procurement process and whether the rates were "reasonable." PREPA abruptly moved to cancel the contract late last month.
Less than two weeks later, the grid suffered a major setback when the failure of a previously repaired power line plunged millions back into darkness, reducing coverage from 43 percent to just 18 in a matter of minutes.
The lack of power isn't the only issue plaguing the island.
Cellphone connectivity remains spotty, prompting AT&T to launch a drone -- dubbed the "Flying COW," or cell on wings -- to provide temporary wireless connectivity. The drone, fitted with LTE radios and antennas, hovers 200 feet in the air and can cover 40 square miles at a time.
.@ATT is using a #drone as a temporary cell service solution in #PuertoRico. The Flying COW (Cell on Wings) functions like a cell tower in the sky. #DronesWork4US https://t.co/diiA9QdjPv pic.twitter.com/b7RzqZ6Z9B — The FAA (@FAANews) November 17, 2017
Worse still, a small percentage of residents still don't have access to clean drinking water. A boil water advisory remains in effect.
ABC News' Stephanie Ebbs, Dax Tejera, and Daniel Steinberger contributed to this report.
In the weeks since dozens of women have accused movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of rape or sexual harassment, unleashing an avalanche of similar charges against other prominent men across American life, women and men of color have been largely absent from the national furor.
The stories of abuse have roiled the entertainment industry, politics, tech and more, raising the possibility that this could be a watershed moment to end tolerance of such behavior. But some observers fear minority women may miss the moment, as they often are more reticent to speak up about sexual harassment.
"The stakes are higher in a lot of instances for us than they are for a lot of other women," said Tarana Burke, a black activist who founded the #MeToo movement on Twitter in 2006 to raise awareness around sexual violence. "That creates a dynamic where you have women of color who have to think a little bit differently about what it means for them to come forward in cases of sexual harassment."
A few high-profile minority actresses have come forward. New York authorities are investigating claims from actress Paz de la Huerta that Weinstein raped her twice in 2010; he has denied charges of non-consensual sex with any woman.
When Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o wrote in a New York Times op-ed last month that she had an unsettling encounter with the producer in 2011 at his home, Weinstein quickly denied doing anything inappropriate with Nyong'o, after days of silence following similar accusations by famous white accusers.
Author and activist Feminista Jones said that Weinstein's denial of Nyong'o's allegations sent the message to black women that they can't be harassed, they can't be assaulted."
For black women, that is a message that dates back to slavery, when black women's bodies were not their own and racist stereotypes were used to justify abuse, said Rutgers University historian Deborah Gray White.
"Historically, African-American women have been perceived as promiscuous," said White, author of the book, "Ar'n't I a Woman?: Female Slaves in the Plantation South."
"Black women's bodies, from Day One, have been available to all men," she said.
As a result, White said, black women have had a hard time proving sexual exploitation. In response, many chose to remain silent as a form of self-preservation.
"Somehow talking about it is admitting, 'I walk the land unprotected,'" White said. "They were damned if they did and damned if they didn't."
For Asian-American women, speaking up after sexual assault can be daunting for a variety of cultural reasons, said Anna Bang, education coordinator at KAN-WIN, a Chicago-based domestic violence and sexual assault services group that frequently helps Asian-American and immigrant women. Bang said she has noticed the absence of Asian-American women from the Weinstein conversation and, as a Korean immigrant, doubts that she would tell her family if she were ever assaulted.
"It's such a shame and guilt," she said. "You don't want your parents to be worried about you ... When we are growing up, your parents teach you, 'Don't share your family problems with people.' We're trying to break that silence by educating our community members."
Many of the women who seek help from KAN-WIN do so a decade or more after the abuse took place, she said.
"In our culture, women ... they teach you how to suck it up," she said. "They teach you to swallow your anger, your fear. It's tough."
Women of Latin American descent also weigh economic and cultural issues when deciding whether to speak out about sexual abuse.
Women of Latin American descent have been stereotyped as being submissive and sexually available, according to Monica Russel y Rodriguez, a Northwestern University ethnographer whose research includes sexuality, race and class in Latino communities. She said that undocumented immigrants in the United States would be even less likely to report an assault or harassment, fearing anything from job loss to blackmail or deportation.
"Even for white women, there's not going to be any guarantee of an equitable resolution, so it's a lot to expect women in a more highly vulnerable situation to be willing to speak out at the same rate," Russel y Rodriguez said. "There's no reason to expect that Latinas aren't being sexually harassed or raped at the same degree or more."
While most of the recent spate of sexual abuse allegations have been against white men, men of color have not been immune to such charges. Before the Weinstein scandal upended Hollywood, Bill Cosby's name became synonymous with sexual abuse, as more than 50 women came forward and said the pioneering black actor once known as "America's Dad" forced sexual contact with them over decades. Last June, Cosby went to trial on charges that he drugged and molested a woman in 2004. The case ended in a mistrial and Cosby is expected to be retried next year.
Since the Weinstein scandal, a writer for The Root, a website geared toward the black audience, said both Jesse Jackson and John Singleton sexually harassed her. Jackson and Singleton declined comment when contacted by The Associated Press, as did the Root writer.
George Takei, best known for his role in the original "Star Trek," was recently accused of groping a man decades earlier; he denied the allegations. Actor Terry Crews went public with a claim that a Hollywood agent groped him, and that agent was later fired.
And an actress, Demi Mann, filed a lawsuit Thursday in which she alleged agent Cameron Mitchell sexually assaulted her. Mitchell, who is black, was fired by Creative Arts Agency, LLC.; he called Mann's claims false.
But compared to the dozens of well-known white men named and white women who have made allegations, people of color have not played a prominent role in this evolving scandal.
Nearly three decades ago, an African-American attorney started the conversation on the topic. Anita Hill detailed allegations of sexual harassment by her former boss, then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas, during the 1991 congressional hearings held ahead of his confirmation. Thomas, also African-American, framed the hearings as a "high-tech lynching" and went on to be confirmed to the high court.
Hill was treated as a pariah by some for coming forward, but she was hailed by others and has spent the decades since as an advocate for women's equality.
Burke, whose online #MeToo campaign was resurrected by actress Alyssa Milano in the wake of the Weinstein charges, doesn't want minority women to miss the moment. She is launching a series of webinars to help women understand sexual violence and is encouraging women of color around the world to speak out.
"At some point, we have to confront this as a community," Burke said. "This is a great place for this to happen."
———
Errin Haines Whack is the AP's race and ethnicity writer. Follow her work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous
A jury has found that a businesswoman must pay $5 million to singer Katy Perry and the archdiocese of Los Angeles, finding that the woman intentionally interfered with the sale to Perry of a hilltop property that was once a convent.
The jury found Friday that entrepreneur Dana Hollister should pay the archdiocese $3.47 million and Perry $1.57 million for interference with contractual relations and other misdeeds.
The 33-year-old pop star has sought to buy the 8-acre property and its Roman-villa style buildings in the city's Los Feliz neighborhood for $14.5 million, and to relocate an adjoining house of prayer used by priests. Her bid has the approval of Los Angeles' archbishop.
But Hollister stepped in and attempted to purchase the property from two nuns who had lived there. A judge voided that sale earlier this year, saying the archdiocese had the right to sell the property, not the nuns.
The jury found that her actions led to Perry and the archdiocese having to pay exorbitant lawyer fees and other costs, which Hollister should get the bill for.
An after-hours message left with Hollister's attorneys seeking comment was not immediately returned.
Her lawyer Michael Geibelson said in court that she thought she had a correct and legal contract, and intended no harm.
"I don't think Dana Hollister did anything wrong as to either of these parties," Geibelson said during the trial.
Perry and the archdiocese are still working out the terms of the sale. The archdiocese needs permission from the Vatican to finalize it.
The trial moves to a second phase in December, when the jury will decide if Hollister should pay punitive damages.
The Sisters of the Most Holy and Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary have owned the property for more than 40 years, but they haven't lived in the convent for several years. Only five sisters, who are in their 70s and 80s, remain, and their order has bickered with the archbishop for years on various issues.
They objected to the sale to Perry. The nuns watched the "Roar" singer's music videos and met with her, but that only hardened their opposition to her turning their convent into her home.
At age 70, Elton John doesn't seem to be slowing down, and still regularly tours the world.
According to his manager, husband David Furnish, not only will John not retire, he simply cannot.
"Without question, Elton must never stop performing. We all have things that kind of keep us alive in life. Some people relish the idea of a retirement where they do nothing [but] for Elton that would be purgatory," Furnish told Music Week. "Playing to live audiences is going to be something he always needs to do."
Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images
Furnish, 55, who married John in 2014 and shares two sons with him, said that the musician will also continue to write songs. That passion, Furnish added, "keeps him alive."
"He takes his legacy very seriously and he's very proud of it, but the most important thing for Elton is that he continues to look forward," he said. "He needs to collaborate."
However, Furnish admitted that because their children are nearly 7 and 5, he and John need to be there for them, and that may affect just how much John will tour. For example, May of next year will see the end of the musician's Las Vegas show, "The Million Dollar Piano."
However, according to Furnish, there are still plenty of projects in the works.
"We're going to be shooting a live-action musical fantasy version of Elton's life story called 'Rocket Man' that's going to go into production next year," he said. "I think he feels he needs to take a breather, he needs to step back and take a pause. He's also working on his memoirs and then we have a few surprises up our sleeve."
Late-night host Graham Norton said his first novel, "Holding," was inspired by stories he heard during his childhood in Ireland.
The comedian host of "The Graham Norton Show" on BBC told ABC News he decided to write the book after he hit 50 years old.
"I kept saying I wanted to write a novel and thought, 'Well, I better do it.' So when I turned 50, I wrote a novel, like it or not," Norton said.
Norton said that growing up in rural Ireland gave him plenty to write about.
"Ireland's one of those places where there's just so many stories. If you kind of drew an Irish village as it actually is people would go, 'But this is ridiculous. This is unbelievable that every house has a scandal,'" he said.
"I just picked a few stories from my childhood that I knew from various places we grew up and wove them into this story," he explained, adding that it was "a pleasure to spend time in my mind there."
Norton's show has been on the air nearly 20 years and has included a full lineup of A-List celebrities.
But the show's hilarious host shot down rumors that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would appear as royal guests on his famed red chair.
"I read that rumor too, and we got very excited about it. We were like, 'Where did this rumor come from?' And then we looked into it, it came from me," he said laughing. "I started that rumor, so I'm pretty sure there's no truth to it."
A 16-year-old high school junior became the first female quarterback from her school, and possibly in the state of Florida, to throw a touchdown pass in a game.
Holly Neher, of Hollywood Hills High School in South Florida, threw a 42-yard touchdown pass Thursday in the fourth quarter of her team's 21-7 loss to Hallandale High School.
"I started jumping up and down. My teammates started jumping on me," Holly told ABC News of the reaction. "Coaches were screaming from the sidelines. Everyone started hitting me on the helmet."
Holly, the only girl on her school's 50-member varsity team, was playing in her first-ever varsity game and threw the touchdown on the first pass attempt.
A spokesman for the Florida High School Athletic Associate (FHSAA) told ABC News the organization is not able to confirm that Holly was the first female high school player in the state to throw a touchdown pass but "believes it could be" a first.
Holly is only the second girl in the 51-year history of her 2,000-student high school to play on the varsity football team, according to the school's assistant principal Erin Brown.
"When she made that pass the whole crowd went wild and you could see the support from her teammates," Brown told ABC News. "We couldn't be more proud of our students."
Deborah Clark
Deborah Clark
The 5-foot-2 quarterback played on Hollywood Hills' girls' flag football team for two years before making the jump to tackle football this season.
"I wanted to continue playing the sport so I tried out for the team," Holly said. "I knew that I was capable."
Hollywood Hills Varsity Football coach Brandon Graham described Holly as having the "it" factor he looks for in successful quarterbacks.
Deborah Clark
"Whether it's a female or male quarterback or a ninth or twelfth grader, you want someone who isn't afraid to make a mistake and who knows they're going to get yelled at from time to time," Graham told ABC News. "There is something about her that is so inspiring for her teammates. They want to follow her."
Congratulations to Holly Neher on her first career TD pass! #Sayfie https://t.co/lljHNSez9a — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) September 1, 2017
Holly said she had to "tune everything out" to control her nerves in the moment. When it comes to her future in football, the teenager will take anything that comes her way "with open arms."
The teen also had a message for other kids watching her break a gender barrier in football.
"I hope that they all see how small how I am and no matter what mindset or color, race, size, gender, you can do anything you want," she said.
The weather system which has already brought flooding rains to the Northwest and heavy snow to the Rockies is moving into the Midwest on Saturday with the Northeast to follow.
Interested in Weather? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A wind advisory is in effect from Texas to Ohio as wind speeds can be expected from 20 to 30 mph with gusts over 45 mph. These gusts are high enough to cause tree limbs to fall, which may lead to scattered power outages.
ABC News
This system is expected to bring periods of heavy rain to the Midwest on Saturday afternoon and through the evening hours. Some areas ahead of the cold front could bring damaging winds and small hail in the afternoon and early evening hours.
ABC News
Into the East
The front moves on to the East Coast and Northeast by Sunday.
The bulk of the rain from Washington, D.C. through Boston will pass during the overnight hours Saturday into Sunday Morning. Wet and windy conditions will likely impact airports at major hubs like Washington, New York, Philadelphia and Boston, as well as make for slick driving conditions on the roads.
On the back end of the storm, gusty winds from the northwest will remain and bring some lake effect snow showers across portions of Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Higher elevations east of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario could see as much as 3 to 6 inches of snow.
ABC News
Cold winds
The end of the weekend and beginning of next week will bring cold winds to the Midwest and Northeast.
Gusty winds will continue throughout the day Sunday as cold air fills in behind the cold front. Wind chill values will be anywhere from the teens to 30s Sunday as cold and blustery conditions stretch from Marquette, Michigan all the way to Nashville, Tennessee.
ABC News
By Monday, the chill moves into the Northeast to kick off the work week.
The percentage of federal individual income tax filers claiming a deduction for state and local taxes paid in 2015, ranked by state:
1. Maryland: 45.7 percent
2. Connecticut: 41.3 percent
3. New Jersey: 41.2 percent
4. Virginia: 37.3 percent
5. Massachusetts: 36.9 percent
6. Oregon: 36.0 percent
7. Utah: 35.3 percent
8. Minnesota: 34.7 percent
9. New York: 34.5 percent
10. California: 34.4 percent
11. Georgia: 32.8 percent
12. Rhode Island: 32.8 percent
13. Colorado: 32.5 percent
14. Delaware: 31.6 percent
15. Illinois: 31.3 percent
16. Wisconsin: 31.0 percent
17. New Hampshire: 30.9 percent
18. Washington: 29.9 percent
19. Iowa: 29.5 percent
20. Hawaii: 29.1 percent
21. North Carolina: 29.0 percent
22. Pennsylvania: 28.6 percent
23. Arizona: 28.4 percent
24. Montana: 28.2 percent
25. Idaho: 28.0 percent
26. Maine: 27.6 percent
27. Nebraska: 27.6 percent
28. South Carolina: 27.3 percent
29. Vermont: 27.3 percent
30. Michigan: 26.5 percent
31. Missouri: 26.1 percent
32. Ohio: 26.1 percent
33. Kentucky: 26.0 percent
34. Alabama: 25.8 percent
35. Kansas: 25.5 percent
36. Nevada: 24.6 percent
37. Oklahoma: 24.0 percent
38. Mississippi: 23.3 percent
39. Louisiana: 23.0 percent
40. Texas: 22.8 percent
41. Indiana: 22.8 percent
42. Florida: 22.5 percent
43. New Mexico: 22.5 percent
44. Arkansas: 22.3 percent
45. Wyoming: 21.6 percent
46. Alaska: 21.4 percent
47. Tennessee: 19.3 percent
48. North Dakota: 18.5 percent
49. West Virginia: 17.0 percent
50. South Dakota: 16.9 percent
District of Columbia: 39.8 percent
———
Average dollar amount of state and local tax deductions claimed on federal individual income tax returns for 2015, ranked by state:
1. New York: $22,169
2. Connecticut: $19,665
3. California: $18,438
4. New Jersey: $17,850
5. Massachusetts: $15,572
6. Minnesota: $12,954
7. Maryland: $12,931
8. Oregon: $12,617
9. Illinois: $12,524
10. Rhode Island: $12,434
11. Vermont: $12,408
12. Wisconsin: $11,653
13. Maine: $11,432
14. Virginia: $11,288
15. Pennsylvania: $11,248
16. Nebraska: $11,088
17. Ohio: $10,445
18. Iowa: $10,164
19. New Hampshire: $10,121
20. Kentucky: $9,955
21. Hawaii: $9,906
22. Missouri: $9,886
23. Michigan: $9,648
24. North Carolina: $9,587
25. West Virginia: $9,463
26. Kansas: $9,425
27. Montana: $9,358
28. Delaware: $9,195
29. Georgia: $9,159
30. Arkansas: $9,116
31. Colorado: $9,017
32. Idaho: $8,863
33. South Carolina: $8,765
34. Indiana: $8,756
35. Utah: $8,291
36. Oklahoma: $8,201
37. Texas: $7,824
38. Arizona: $7,404
39. Washington: $7,403
40. Florida: $7,373
41. New Mexico: $7,091
42. North Dakota: $6,865
43. Louisiana: $6,742
44. Wyoming: $6,307
45. Mississippi: $6,303
46. South Dakota: $6,098
47. Nevada: $5,989
48. Alabama: $5,919
49. Tennessee: $5,612
50. Alaska: $4,932
District of Columbia: $16,443
Honda is recalling about 900,000 of its Odyssey minivans because the second-row seats may tip forward if not properly latched.
The recall announced Saturday covers vehicles from the 2011-17 model years. About 800,000 of the affected minivans were sold in the United States.
Honda says it has received 46 reports of minor injuries related to the issue.
It says the Odyssey's second-row seat may tip forward during moderate to heavy braking if it isn't properly latched after adjusting it side-to-side or reinstalling a removed seat.
The company is working on a way to repair the issue and says it will notify owners when one is available. It will be free. Until then, Honda has put instructions for properly latching the seat on its website for owners.
A U.S. warship collided with a Japanese commercial tug boat in Japan's Sagami Bay on Saturday, marking the fifth time this year that a ship in the U.S. Navy's 7th Fleet in the Pacific has been involved in a crash.
The Japanese tug boat lost propulsion and drifted into the USS Benfold during a towing exercise. The U.S. guided-missile destroyer sustained minimal damage, and there were no reported injuries on either vessel, according to a press release from the U.S. Navy's 7th Fleet.
The USS Benfold, which is awaiting a full damage assessment, remains at sea under its own power. The incident will be investigated, the 7th Fleet said.
Here's a look at previous crashes involving U.S. Navy warships in 2017, including two deadly collisions that left 17 sailors dead:
Jan. 31: The USS Antietam runs aground off coast of Japan
The USS Antietam ran aground off the coast of Japan on Jan. 31, damaging its propellers and spilling oil into the water.
The guided-missile destroyer grounded near the U.S. Naval base in Yokosuka, Japan, after anchoring out in high winds, the Navy Times reported.
Noel Celis/AFP/Getty Images
The crew noticed the ship was dragging its anchor before getting it back underway, according to the Navy Times, adding that the crew then felt the ship shudder and lose pitch control of its propellers.
About 1,100 gallons of oil were dumped into the Tokyo Bay, the Navy Times reported. No one was injured.
A Navy investigation revealed that the former Capt. Joseph Carrian of the USS Antietam was "ultimately responsible" for the ship's running aground, causing an estimated $4.2 million in damage, according to Stars and Stripes.
May 9: The USS Lake Champlain collides with South Korean fishing boat
The USS Lake Champlain, also a guided-missile cruiser, collided with a South Korean fishing boat in the Sea of Japan May 9.
The warship was engaged in routine training when it collided with the 9.8-ton fishing boat off South Korea's east coast, according to The Associated Press.
Sean M. Castellano/U.S. Navy via Getty Images
No one was injured in the incident.
The warship tried to alert the fishing boat before the collision but it was too late.
June 17: The USS Fitzgerald collides with a Philippine container ship
Seven U.S. sailors were killed when the USS Fitzgerald collided with Philippine-flagged container ship in the middle of the night off the coast of Yokosuuka, Japan, June 17.
The destroyer was operating about 56 nautical miles southwest of Yokosuka when it collided with the ACX Crystal. Most of the Fitzgerald's 300 crew members on board would have been asleep at the time, The Associated Press reported.
The Fitzgerald sustained damage on its starboard side and experienced flooding in some spaces as a result of the collision, according to the Navy.
U.S. Navy via Getty Images
All seven sailors who died were initially missing after the collision and found in the flooded quarters after the destroyer returned to port, a Navy official told ABC News. Those quarters flooded within 90 seconds of the collision.
The area is often busy with sea traffic, with as many as 400 ships passing through it every day, according to Japan's coast guard.
The Navy last week relieved the USS Fitzgerald's commanding officer, executive officer and senior enlisted sailor for alleged mistakes that led to the deadly crash.
Aug. 21: The USS John S. McCain collides with a merchant ship
Ten U.S. sailors were killed when the USS John S. McCain, named after the father and grandfather of Vietnam war hero Sen. John S. McCain III, R-Ariz., collided with commercial vessel Alnic MC in waters east of Singapore on Aug. 21, according to the Navy.
The collision occurred east of the Strait of Malacca around 6:24 a.m. Japan Standard Time. The guided-missile destroyer was on its way for a routine port visit in Singapore, the Navy said in a statement.
"It was one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world," said Steve Ganyard, an ABC News contributor, retired Marine colonel and a former deputy assistant secretary of state.
"One-third of all maritime shipping goes through here," Ganyard said. "So there were probably extenuating circumstances but no doubt, as we saw in the Fitzgerald, there was probably human error involved, as well."
" /> Joshua Fulton/AFP/Getty Images
The warship suffered significant damage to the hull, causing flooding in nearby departments, including the crew berthing, machinery and communications rooms, the Navy said.
"This leaves a real gap in the Pacific fleet's capabilities at a time when tensions with North Korea are high," Ganyard said.
All 10 sailors who died were initially missing and their remains were later found inside sealed compartments of the warship's damaged hull. Another five sailors sustained non-life-threatening injuries, the Navy said.
The crew consisted of 23 officers, 24 petty officers and 291 sailors, according to the Navy's website. Its home port is in Yokosuka, Japan.
ABC News' Lucien Bruggeman and Elizabeth McLaughlin contributed to this report.
Sen. Jeff Flake, a frequent sparring partner of President Donald Trump, continues to make enemies in his own party after calling the GOP "toast" while unaware he was still on a live mic.
Interested in Republican Party? Add Republican Party as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Republican Party news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Flake, R-Ariz., was at a tax reform event in Mesa, Arizona on Friday night when he was caught bashing the president in a conversation with friend, Mesa Mayor John Giles.
"If we become the party of Roy Moore and Donald Trump, we are toast," Flake was caught saying by ABC affiliate KNXV.
Moore is running for the vacant Senate seat in Alabama left by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He has come under fire for a number of allegations of sexual harassment and assault, but has refused to leave the race.
Trump is a frequent opponent for Flake, who announced last month he would not seek re-election in 2018 in a fiery speech condemning the president from the floor of the Senate.
Flake indirectly called out Trump in his Senate speech, saying, "We must dedicate ourselves to making sure that the anomalies never becomes the normal, with respect and humility."
He told ABC News' Mary Bruce of Moore in a Nov. 9 interview on Capitol Hill, "If there is any shred of truth to these stories, he ought to step aside. And now."
Flake's criticism of Trump and the GOP weren't the only interesting comments to be caught on the live mic Friday night.
Giles was caught appearing to encourage Flake to run for president in 2020.
"I am not throwing smoke at you, but you are the guy -- just for fun, think about how much fun it would be -- just to be the foil, you know, and point out what an idiot this guy is," Giles said, apparently referring to Trump. "Anyway, I hope you do it."
Giles, who is a moderate Republican like Flake, has been mayor of Mesa since 2014.
President Donald Trump has announced that his administration's plan to reverse a ban on big game trophies has been put on hold so he can "review all conservation facts."
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
On Wednesday, a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service official confirmed to ABC News that the Trump administration had planned to allow hunters to bring trophies of elephants they killed in Zimbabwe and Zambia back to the United States.
However, Trump wrote on Twitter Friday evening that the decision had been placed on hold.
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2017
U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke followed Trump's tweet with a statement echoing that the administration believes conservation is "critical" and issuing permits would be delayed.
"President Trump and I have talked and both believe that conservation and healthy herds are critical," Zinke said in a statement Friday night. "As a result, in a manner compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the issuing of permits is being put on hold as the decision is being reviewed."
The proposed reversal of the ban was met with widespread backlash, with celebrities and public figures taking to social media to criticize the president.
The ban on big game trophies had been put in place by the Obama administration in 2014.
Elephants are listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act, but a provision in the act allows the government to give permits to import such trophies if there is evidence that the hunting benefits conservation of the species.
Donald Trump Jr. caused an uproar among some when pictures surfaced of him holding the tail of a dead elephant after a big-game hunt in Africa years ago. Now, new policy changes proposed by his father's administration may allow Americans to bring the carcasses of elephants and lions killed in Zimbabwe and Zambia back to the U.S.
The importing of so-called hunting trophies was banned by former President Obama in 2014, but the Fish and Wildlife Service announced that it will allow Americans to bring back elephant and lion trophies. Fish and Wildlife officials began issuing permits for lion trophies on Oct. 20, and had been ready to issue permits for elephant trophies on Friday. The elephant trophy ban will remain, at least for now, as Trump tweeted late Friday the administration would further review the facts.
The African lion population has decreased 42 percent in the past 20 years, according to the African Wildlife Foundation.
During the press briefing Friday, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that the change in policy stems from a study that was initiated during the Obama administration.
She said the study determined that both Zambia and Zimbabwe met "strict international conservation standards that allowed Americans to resume hunting in those countries."
Sanders noted the ban on imported ivory remains in place.
Neither of Trump's sons have spoken about the policy changes yet, but both Donald Trump Jr. and President Trump have publicly spoken about their family's hunting history in the past.
Controversial 2012 safari trip
Back in 2012, years before their father ran for president, photos surfaced of Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump's hunting trip to Zimbabwe.
Photos released by the safari company at the time, which were later published on TMZ and elsewhere, showed the brothers posing next to various dead animals that were killed as part of their hunt. Donald Trump Jr. was 34 years old at the time, and Eric Trump was 28.
Various photos show the brothers flanking a crocodile hanging from a tree, smiling behind the horns of a killed waterbuck, and standing together as Eric held a dead leopard. Donald Trump Jr. was pictured sitting next to a dead buffalo while holding a gun and wearing an ammunition belt, and Eric Trump can be seen sitting on one of the dead animals with guns resting on its horns.
The Trump brothers were not pictured with any dead lions in 2012, but Donald Trump Jr. was pictured next to a dead elephant while holding its severed tail.
A spokesperson for the Trump sons did not immediately return ABC News' request for comment on the recent policy change. It remains unclear if the brothers brought back any animal trophies from their safari trip, as it was legal to do so at the time.
Richard Ellis/Getty Images
Donald Trump Jr. has spoken about the 2012 trip in the past.
In a 2012 interview with a Forbes contributor, Donald Jr. reportedly told him that it was African tradition to cut off an elephant's tail and use its hair to make bracelets, and that it is seen as a sign of respect for the animal.
Following the uproar caused by the photos, Donald Jr. and Eric released a statement to E! News, calling themselves "avid outdoorsmen and were brought up hunting and fishing with our grandfather who taught us that nothing should ever be taken for granted or wasted."
"We have the utmost respect for nature and have always hunted in accordance with local laws and regulations. In addition, all meat was donated to local villagers who were incredibly grateful. We love traveling and being in the woods—at the end of the day, we are outdoorsmen at heart," the statement read.
That didn't stop critics from going after Donald Trump Jr. on Twitter, and he responded in kind.
"I AM A HUNTER I don't hide from that," he wrote in one tweet to a critic.
I AM A HUNTER I don't hide from that "@Fashion_life01: Jr what do you think of the controversy surrounding a pic where ure shown hunting? — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 12, 2012
"Not a pr move I didn't give the pics but I have no shame about them either. I HUNT & EAT game," he wrote in another.
Not a pr move I didn't give the pics but I have no shame about them either. I HUNT & EAT game @sharkjumpers: whatever... horrible PR move... — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 12, 2012
More recently, Donald Trump Jr. has shared a number of photos from domestic hunting trips, including one in Montana earlier this month. He also shared a photo from a bow hunting trip in the Yukon "earlier this fall," and went pheasant hunting in Iowa with Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) in October.
Family feelings
President Trump commented on his sons' love of hunting to TMZ after the photos were released in 2012. At the time, Donald Trump defended his sons but acknowledged he felt differently about hunting.
"My sons love hunting. They're hunters and they've become good at it. I am not a believer in hunting and I'm surprised they like it," Trump told TMZ at the time.
"I know that anything they did was 100 percent okay in terms of the hunting community," Trump added to TMZ.
Derek Davis/Portland Press Herald via Getty Images
Donald Trump Jr. echoed that sentiment in his interview with Forbes in 2012, saying that his father "really doesn't understand why Eric and I hunt. However, he is open-minded and so always allowed us to go hunting."
The brothers said their interest in hunting came from Ivana Trump's father.
"Our maternal grandfather was Czechoslovakian. When we were young, he would have us to his place in Czechoslovakia for a month or more during summers…He loved to hunt and fish and taught us how," Donald Trump Jr. told Forbes in 2012.
But Ivana Trump herself has spoken out about her sons' hunting, writing in her book published just last month, "Raising Trump," that she was "not fond of" it.
"I don't object to their going to Patagonia to shoot birds. There are a million of them there, enough to spare," Ivana Trump wrote. "But why go to Zimbabwe to shoot Bambi and Dumbo? I don't blame people for giving them a hard time about it."
Citing sons in gun policy
While President Trump may not "understand" his sons' interest in hunting, he has referenced it when appealing to gun rights supporters both during the campaign and since he has taken office.
A month before Donald Trump announced his candidacy, he tweeted about his sons' ties to the National Rifle Association.
"My two sons, Eric & Don, have long been expert hunters & marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris & give animals to the poor & starving villagers!" he tweeted.
My two sons, Eric & Don, have long been expert hunters & marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris & give animals to the poor & starving villagers! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 9, 2015
And while the president never talks about hunting himself, he said he does own a gun. In his 2015 book, Trump wrote that he "owns guns. Fortunately, I have never had to use." According to publicly accessible records, President Trump has had a concealed weapons permit since 2010.
Scott Olson/Getty Images
"I'm a member of the NRA. My sons, Don and Eric, are members of the NRA for a long time. They're hunters. They're great members of the NRA," Trump said during an MSNBC town hall event in February 2016.
He has specifically mentioned his sons' NRA membership in speeches he has given to the gun rights group, both as a candidate in 2016 and as president earlier this year.
"I can tell you, both sons, they love the outdoors. Frankly, I think they love the outdoors more than they love, by a long shot, Fifth Avenue," he said in his April 2017 speech to the NRA.
More than two dozen people were injured while others remain unaccounted for after a massive fire engulfed a senior living facility west of Philadelphia on Thursday night, authorities said.
The five-alarm fire at Barclay Friends Senior Living Community in West Chester, about 35 miles from Philadelphia, began just before 11 p.m. ET Thursday, authorities said. It burned for hours before firefighters brought it under control early Friday.
WPVI-TV via AP
Hundreds of first responders scrambled to rescue the elderly residents from the burning building, evacuating them on beds and in wheelchairs.
Approximately 27 people were hospitalized for injuries related to the blaze, West Chester Police Chief Scott Bohn said at a press conference Friday afternoon. All of them are expected to survive, Bohn added.
Steven M. Falk/The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP
Steven M. Falk/The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP
The police chief estimated that 160 people, including residents and staff, were evacuated from the flaming center. The blaze was contained Friday afternoon but continued to burn.
Authorities were unclear on the exact amount of people unaccounted for and whether that number includes residents or staff.
ATF via AP
"As you can imagine it was a little chaotic during the evacuation. There were some folks who were evacuated to West Chester University, some folks went home with family, so we're still trying to account for everybody," Donald Robinson, special agent in charge of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) National Center for Explosives Training and Research, said at the press conference Friday afternoon.
The investigation into the cause of the fire is ongoing, and the ATF was on scene Friday.
ABC News' Matthew Claiborne and Mark Osborne contributed to this report
The family of an 86-year-old South Carolina man has settled with the city of Kingstree just a month after the man was tased by police following a car chase.
Police dash cam video of the incident shows Albert Chatfield immediately emerging from his car at an intersection and backpedaling from two police officers, who repeatedly shout for him to "stop." As he continues to back up through the street, one officer pulls out his Taser and, after the other officer is heard shouting "tase him," fires it. Chatfield is knocked to the ground instantly.
The city agreed to pay $900,000 to Chatfield's family over the incident, one of the fastest settlements in a Taser case in the state ever, according to the family's lawyer. Chatfield remains in the hospital after suffering bleeding on his brain due to the fall, according to ABC affiliate WCIV.
Police had claimed Chatfield assumed a "fighting stance" as he backpedaled from police. The video shows the man raising his hands, but he is slowly backing away from the officers throughout. The police report also described the scene as a busy street, saying they were trying to protect Chatfield and others' safety, though the video shows just one car in the intersection.
"Our lives have been permanently changed," Chatfield's daughter Jodie said at a news conference Friday to announce the settlement. "We've been in ICU for an entire month."
The family's lawyer, Justin Bamberg, blamed the police chase on a mental issue. Police had been called after Chatfield was aggressively tailgating other vehicles.
Bamberg said the money would be used to pay for Chatfield's medical expenses.
Transcript for Trump blasts Sen. Al Franken
Thank you. We turn to the national outcry over sexual misconduct. The president is weighing in blasting senator Al Franken after a woman accused him of forcibly kissing her during a USO tour before he was a senator. But the president remains silent on Roy Moore. How does the white house explain this? And by weighing in does the president make himself vulnerable. Here's Cecilia Vega tonight. Reporter: It didn't take long for president trump to weigh in on that photo of senator Al Franken as he appeared to grope a sleeping woman in a late night tweet the president said- The Al Frankenstein picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 while she sleeps? And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. That searing rebuke came just hours after the accusations against the Minnesota Democrat became public but as for the more than week old allegations accusing Alabama Republican senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual misconduct? Should Roy Moore resign Mr. President? Do you believe his accusers? Reporter: The president ignored our questions, repeatedly. Should judge Moore drop out, Mr. President? Reporter: With those non-answers and that attack on Franken tonight, the allegations of sexual misconduct against president trump himself are back in the spotlight. From that "Access Hollywood" tape. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful -- I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Whatever you want. Grab them by the Reporter: To the more than dozen women who came forward during the campaign alleging everything from sexual assault to harassment and inappropriate behavior. All of these liars will be sued after the election is over. Today we put the question to the white house. If it is fair to investigate Al Franken and the allegation made by his accuser, is it also fair to investigate this president and the allegations of sexual misconduct made against him by more than a dozen women? Look, I think this was covered pretty extensively during the campaign. We addressed that then. The American people I think spoke very loud and clear when they elected this president. How is this different? I think in one case specifically senator Franken has admitted wrongdoing and the president hasn't. I think that's a very clear distinction. Reporter: Today, no sign of Franken in the wake of radio host Leeann tweeden's bombshell claims about their work together on a USO tour in 2006. In addition to that photo, she says he kissed her forcefully and against her will. I was just disgusted, you know. And I just felt like he betrayed my trust. Reporter: Today on "The view", she revealed she's now received a letter of apology. It says dear Leeann I want to apologize to you personally. I am so sorry. Sincerely Al Franken. The president tweeting about senator Franken but this is not a topic the white house wants to talk about right now. Reporter: This is a point of frustration. Aides would much rather talk about tax reform. Instead Sarah Sanders in that briefing room taking questions, facing a barrage of questions about her own boss' behavior. Roy Moore's wife before the
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Transcript for Celebrities lash out at Trump administration over reversing ban on elephant trophies
Did. A big. I. A move. Okay.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Are taxpayers footing the bill for workplace settlements on Capitol Hill?
Earlier this week, Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., told MSNBC that Congress has paid out more than $15 million to settle harassment claims over the last 10 to 15 years.
An aide to Speier -- who is leading the charge on Capitol Hill to reform anti-harassment training and the complaint process -- later clarified that the figure included all workplace complaint settlements. But the congresswoman's comments raised questions about settlement payments in Congress.
How much money has been paid out?
Congress has paid $17.24 million for 264 settlements between 1997 and 2017, according to the congressional Office of Compliance, the legislative branch's workplace administration office.
An OOC official told ABC News that most of the complaints are not related to sexual harassment, but also include other workplace issues regarding racial discrimination, overtime, and family and medical leave, among others.
In a fact sheet explaining the claims process released Thursday, the OOC said a "large portion" of the cases come from "employing offices in the legislative branch other than the House of Representatives or the Senate."
"The statistics on payments are not further broken down because settlements may involve cases that allege violations of more than one of the 13 statutes incorporated by the [Congressional Accountability Act]," the OCC wrote in the fact sheet.
In short, it's not clear how much of that $17 million has been used to settle sexual harassment complaints on Capitol Hill.
Where does the money come from?
The settlement payments come from the U.S. Treasury, according to the terms of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, the marque congressional labor and accountability legislation governing work in the legislative branch.
The CAA appropriates "such sums as may be necessary to pay such awards and settlements," which are all approved by the executive director of the OCC.
Speier, who has introduced the Me Too Congress Act with Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., would require lawmakers repay the U.S. Treasury for any sexual harassment settlements and make their names public.
"I think it's going to clean up a lot of people's acts," she told ABC News' Mary Bruce in an interview.
Who approves the payment?
Any payments regarding House employees must be approved by leaders of the House Administration Committee, according to a committee aide.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Ukraine's intelligence agency says it has detained a man wanted for the high-profile murder of an American journalist in Russia 13 years ago.
Paul Klebnikov, the U.S.-born editor of Forbes magazine's Russian edition, was gunned down outside his Moscow office in July 2004.
Many people believed the killing was connected to the 41-year-old Klebnikov's work investigating corruption in Russia.
Ukraine's State Security Service said in a statement Saturday that it has detained a Russian man who was wanted for several slayings, including Klebnikov's. The Ukrainian agency did not identify the suspect.
Three people were charged with the journalist's murder in 2006 and later acquitted. A higher court ordered a retrial for the main suspect, but he absconded before the proceedings could be held.
The attorney for a former state senator charged with producing and transporting child pornography says his client will plead guilty to one count of child sex trafficking in exchange for U.S. prosecutors dropping three other child pornography charges against him.
Ex-state Sen. Ralph Shortey's attorney Ed Blau confirmed the details of the plea agreement to The Oklahoman on Friday. Blau told the newspaper Shortey wants to put the "painful and humiliating ordeal behind him."
The 35-year-old married father of four resigned in March after being charged in state court with child prostitution after police say they found him in a hotel with a 17-year-old boy.
Shortey still faces between 10 years and life in prison if convicted of child sex trafficking.
———
Information from: The Oklahoman, http://www.newsok.com
The city of Des Moines is expected to pay $225,000 to settle a lawsuit filed by the family of an unarmed man killed by police in 2015.
The Des Moines Register reports that the City Council is scheduled to approve the settlement agreement on Monday.
Last month, the city acknowledged that a former police officer falsely told investigators she warned Ryan Bolinger as he approached her patrol car before she fatally shot him.
Video and audio recordings of Vanessa Miller's patrol car show she didn't warn the 28-year-old West Des Moines man before she shot. Miller has said the look on Bolinger's face indicated he intended to harm her.
A Des Moines Police Department review committee cleared Miller of any policy violations. She resigned from the department in July 2016.
———
Information from: The Des Moines Register, http://www.desmoinesregister.com
Tunisian-born designer Azzedine Alaia, an iconoclast whose clingy dresses marked the 1980s and who dressed famous women from Hollywood to the White House, has died at age 77.
The French Haute Couture Federation announced Alaia's death on Saturday without providing details. Twitter tributes to his influence on fashion poured in from around the world.
Secretive and known as a fashion rebel, Alaia was based in Paris for decades but did not take part in the French capital's seasonal fashion frenzy or flashy ad campaigns. Instead, he showed privately on his own schedule.
Alaia sometimes was dubbed the "king of cling" for the formfitting designs he first popularized during the 1980s and updated over the decades.
Naomi Campbell was a favored model, and Michelle Obama wore his designs as first lady.
President Donald Trump's social media director responded to comments by LaVar Ball which downplayed the president's role in getting his son and two other UCLA basketball players released after they were detained in China for questioning following shoplifting allegations.
Trump's social media director, Dan Scavino, tweeted Saturday that Lavar Ball "knows if it weren't for President@realDonaldTrump his son would be in China for a long, long time."
Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren't for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT https://t.co/j2GcY7F4f9 — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 18, 2017
Scavino was apparently responding to LaVar Ball's comments to ESPN that downplayed his son's shoplifting incident in China and Trump's involvement in getting his son and two other UCLA players back to the United States earlier this week.
"Who?" Ball told ESPN, when asked about Trump's involvement in the matter. "What was he over there for? Don't tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out."
UCLA freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, who had been detained in China, landed in Los Angeles on Tuesday evening and addressed the media on Wednesday before being indefinitely suspended by the team.
Wally Skalij/Los Angeles Times via Polaris
LiAngelo Ball said at that time that he "didn't exercise my best judgment," adding, "I've learned my lesson."
The freshman player also thanked Trump and the U.S. government for helping and said he takes "full responsibility" for his actions.
Trump, who returned late Tuesday from a trip through Asia, said he had raised the issue of the three players with President Xi Jinping of China during a visit to Beijing last week.
The players had been questioned last week about allegedly stealing from three high-end stores, including sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store next to the team's hotel in Hangzhou, where the Bruins had been staying before leaving for Shanghai to face Georgia Tech on Friday.
They were released on bail early Nov. 8 and had been staying at a lakeside hotel in Hangzhou prior to flying home.
"As long as my boy's back here, I'm fine," LaVar Ball told ESPN. "I'm happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him, 'They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.' I'm from L.A. I've seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. My son has built up enough character that one bad decision doesn't define him. Now if you can go back and say when he was 12 years old he was shoplifting and stealing cars and going wild, then that's a different thing."
Anthony Wallace/AFP/Getty Images
"Everybody gets stuck on the negativity of some things and they get stuck on them too long," LaVar Ball said. "That's not me. I handle what's going on and then we go from there."
Actor David Cassidy is currently hospitalized in Florida in critical condition with organ failure, his rep confirmed to ABC News.
The former "Partridge Family" actor's rep added that Cassidy was in an induced coma but that "he is currently conscious and surrounded by family."
Bobby Bank/Getty Images, FILE
Cassidy, 67, is suffering from kidney and liver failure.
This is a developing story.
AC/DC co-founder Malcolm Young died, the iconic rock band announced Saturday. He was 64.
"Today it is with deep heartfelt sadness that AC/DC has to announce the passing of Malcolm Young," a statement read on the band's website. "Malcolm, along with Angus, was the founder and creator of AC/DC."
Michael Hurcomb/Corbis via Getty Images, FILE
Young, along with his brother Angus, founded the Australian rock band in 1972. He was the band's longtime guitarist until April 2014 when he took a break. It was later revealed that Young had been suffering with dementia, according to Rolling Stone magazine.
Patrick Ford//Redferns/Getty Images, FILE
The statement continued, "With enormous dedication and commitment he was the driving force behind the band. As a guitarist, songwriter and visionary he was a perfectionist and a unique man. He always stuck to his guns and did and said exactly what he wanted. He took great pride in all that he endeavored. His loyalty to the fans was unsurpassed."
Angus Young, 62, added, "As his brother it is hard to express in words what he has meant to me during my life, the bond we had was unique and very special. He leaves behind an enormous legacy that will live on forever. Malcolm, job well done."
Jim Steinfeldt/Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images, FILE
The guitarist's death comes after the death of his older brother, George, AC/DC's longtime producer, back in October. He was 70.
Young is survived by his wife, Linda Young, and two children, Cara and Ross.
Music lovers worldwide are mourning the loss of rock legend Malcolm Young.
The guitarist and co-founder of AC/DC died Saturday, the band announced on it's website. He was 64.
Rolling Stone magazine reported that Young had been suffering from dementia.
Fin Costello/Redferns/Getty Images, FILE
Shortly after the announcement, many rock musicians, including Ozzy Osbourne and Eddie Van Halen, took to social media to pay tribute to their colleague and friend who helped launch the Australian rock band in 1972.
Here are some who posted about Young:
It is a sad day in rock and roll. Malcolm Young was my friend and the heart and soul of AC/DC. I had some of the best times of my life with him on our 1984 European tour. He will be missed and my deepest condolences to his family, bandmates and friends. — Eddie Van Halen (@eddievanhalen) November 18, 2017
So sad to learn of the passing of yet another friend, Malcolm Young. He will be sadly missed. God Bless @ACDC pic.twitter.com/HuEp3kCuyQ — Ozzy Osbourne (@OzzyOsbourne) November 18, 2017
RIP Malcolm Young
Legend.
He was the founding member of AC/DC & the engine that roared behind the most powerful band in the world.
He wrote Back In Black, Highway to Hell, You Shook Me All Night Long, Highway to Hell, so many songs...
Travel safely to the stars, Malcolm.
Legend. pic.twitter.com/xfjylBbh4u — Ryan Adams (@TheRyanAdams) November 18, 2017
"I'm sad to hear of the passing of Malcolm Young. It was great to get the opportunity to open for AC/DC on the Highway To Hell tour & we certainly learned a thing or two. He was an incredible guitar player & the glue for that band onstage & off. RIP Malcolm, say hi to Bon." - Joe — Def Leppard (@DefLeppard) November 18, 2017
Sad news about Malcolm Young. Dementia is such a horrible disease. pic.twitter.com/hpjrlffVLX — Geezer Butler (@GZRMusic) November 18, 2017
One Toronto mom found the perfect new masterpiece for her home, even though it's "completely in the wrong place because it's only 3-feet off the floor."
Kim Massicotte caught her 6-year-old son drawing a picture of a house on their home's wall, but instead of getting upset, she embraced it.
"At some point you just have to accept that you can't correct every single mistake, because that would be my full-time job," she told ABC News.
Massicotte family
While their kids were eating breakfast one day before school, she said she and her husband, Eric Massicotte, took their eyes off their two boys "for one second" to finish packing lunches.
Massicotte family
"Our eldest, our artist, took a green marker that he was using at the breakfast table and he decided he was going to teach his little brother and used our wall like a chalkboard and proceeded to teach his little how to draw a house on our wall," she recalled of her son, Rhys Massicotte.
Your kids are going to do things they shouldn't. It helps if you married someone with a sense of humour. pic.twitter.com/VVTstejBJO — Eric Massicotte (@DrMassicotte) November 14, 2017
Unfortunately for Rhys, his mom caught him half-way through the coloring process.
"They knew they were in trouble so they went and hid behind the couch," Massicotte said.
Massicotte family
After her kids left for school, she gathered some extra craft supplies to frame the "masterpiece," mimicking a fine art piece in a gallery.
"I was doing this to amuse my husband," she said. "Instead of being mad about it, I thought maybe he and I can have a little fun with it. I thought it was really cute and this was something that later on we would laugh about."
Massicotte family
When her mischievous son got home from school, she showed him how she'd framed it and told him no more wall drawings were allowed.
His cheeky response? "I prefer paper anyway."
These aren't your typical dog beds. Behold the "Sheltie shacks."
Kaylee Robertson, an emergency medical technician from Shetland, Scotland, makes custom, personalized dog beds out of old dressers.
Facebook/Sheltie Shacks
She said she likes to "provide pets with their own little 'safe haven' that they can sleep happy in."
"Let's be honest, your typical dog bed is pretty ugly!" Robertson, 27, wrote to ABC News in an email. "They're normally these limp, dull, lifeless, smelly things that just lie in the corner. My hope is that by providing a bed which is also a piece of furniture, the dog is introduced more into the living area."
Facebook/Sheltie Shacks
She said her Sheltie shacks have also proven great for more nervous pets who feel more secure in the cave-like bed.
Robertson said she makes only about 30 a year because she likes doing "quality" work and doesn't want to "shove something shoddy together."
"Every bed is completely deconstructed, sanded down and re-backed," she explained. "I also put on several coats of high-quality base coat before even thinking about the top coat. This should be something that lasts, and more importantly, a piece that people are happy to display as the centerpiece of the room."
Facebook/Sheltie Shacks
An owner of seven dogs and two cats herself, Robertson said she has made the beds primarily for dogs, but they can be used for all pets.
"I've had an order for a bunny in the past!," she wrote. "I'm limited to the size of the shack depending on the cabinet I convert from but, honestly, I've pretty much provided for every shape of pup so far from Chihuahuas to pugs to border collies! Although, I haven't yet managed one for a St. Bernard. That's my dream!"
Every single shack is "bespoke," she explained, so when it's purchased, Robertson said she contacts the owner to find out exactly how they want to personalize it -- from the paint color and wallpaper inside right down to the knobs.
"It's great fun and I absolutely love seeing what people come up with!," she said.
Facebook/Sheltie Shacks
As an emergency medical technician, Robertson said making the beds are therapeutic for her after "some pretty horrific days."
"Having some time to clear my head with a hammer or a paintbrush has been great," she told ABC News.
Vikki of Black Raven Beauty
Although Robertson lives on a small island off the coast of Scotland, she said she's willing to ship anywhere in the world.
She also said she donates all of her proceeds to charity.
"Most people don't realize that this is a charity project," she said. "I don't make anything from this. In fact I actually take a loss because I don't take money out for the materials. I'm constantly asked, 'Why don't you just take the money for yourself?' and it makes me sad.
"Yeah sure, I'm not driving around in a Ferrari and I don't have my own private jet, but we're OK," she added. "We have a roof over our heads, food in the fridge and a comfortable bed to lie in, and that does us fine! My gain is in the thought that when I press that "donate" button on our charities' websites, that some wee soul will be given the lifesaving treatment they need to get better. No amount of money in my back pocket can beat that feeling."
There's nothing like a little perspective to make a person realize how lucky they are.
Interested in Christmas? Add Christmas as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Christmas news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
While many are clamoring for the iPhone X this holiday season, some kids in this country are in need of the basics, like food.
Rayn Boncie, founder of Things of My Very Own, an organization that provides crisis intervention services to children impacted by extensive abuse and/or neglect, posted this message on Facebook from one child in its care:
"I want school snacks so I'm not the only one not eating during snack time at school."
Things of My Very Own
Things of My Very Own
People from as far away Italy and Switzerland have contacted the organization after seeing that message, she said.
Things of My Very Own
Things of My Very Own
"That post seems to have moved a lot of people," Boncie said.
Things of My Very Own
But there are many other children in need. Things of My Very Own, based in Schenectady, New York, shared with ABC News a few of the tags from its holiday gift drive.
Each year, the organization helps 5,000 to 7,000 children in the New York region.
A brother and sister who used to fight constantly are now inseparable.
Ava and Tariq Jackson's mother, Verlonda Jackson, captured the heartwarming moment when the two reunited after school on Monday. A video of 3-year-old Ava excitedly greeting her older brother, 5-year-old Tariq, has gotten attention on Instagram, with more than 26,000 views.
Jackson, a mother of three, told ABC News she pulled out her phone to capture the sibling love to show to her husband. It's because her two eldest children used to bicker a lot.
Verlonda Jackson
But when Tariq enrolled in kindergarten this year, the siblings' bond strengthened. In fact, on Monday when Tariq came home from school, his younger sister "flew out of the house" to greet him, their mother said.
"So I pulled out my phone to show my husband, 'Look, we're doing something right," she explained. "It was such a pure moment."
The best man's speech stole the show at this groom's wedding -- because it was delivered by his 10-year-old son.
Jaydon Rabatin surprised his dad and stepmom, Kevin and Briana Rabatin, by giving a funny yet heartfelt speech at their Nov. 12 wedding in Wilmington, Delaware.
"The day has come that this man is getting married. I'm not too sure how I feel about it," Jaydon, 10, confidently began. "Don't get me wrong. I love Brie. Isn't she the most beautiful bride? But this means I'm losing my bachelor buddy. We go waaaaay back. It's like I have known him since the first breath I took."
Kevin and Briana Rabatin
The 65 wedding guests were blown away but his cool, calm and confident demeanor, as was his dad.
"I am so proud of him. That was pretty cool," Kevin Rabatin, 33, told ABC News of his young son. "I figured he'd be nervous and stumbling over it, but he did great. I was nervous for him. There was a lot of people there and everyone's staring at him."
But the pint-size best man nailed it despite his large audience.
"We have never been the cleanest of guys together," Jaydon continued, getting a laugh out of the crowd. "Without Brie, I don't think we would ever have clean underwear or socks."
Kevin and Briana Rabatin
But then he segued onto a more serious note, directing his attention to his dad's new wife.
"I hope you two [have] nothing but true happiness together," said Jaydon. "I look forward to watching you two grow old together. We have many new memories and adventures to make together, and I truly look forward to it.
Kevin and Briana Rabatin
"There is nothing more important as a son than to see my dad happy. And that's what he is when he is with Brie. Thank you for making my dad happy," he concluded.
Kevin and Briana Rabatin
Briana Rabatin said her stepson's touching words for her "just made my heart melt."
"In my own vows I said that I promised to love and protect him as if he were my own son," Briana Rabatin, 31, told ABC News. "I was very proud of him for that. I thought it was awesome."
Kevin Rabatin said Jaydon's mom told him their son had been secretly practicing his speech for days.
Nothing quells my Christmas cheer as quickly as a stray apostrophe. Every year they assault me.
Usually, it's in the middle of an otherwise quaint moment: I am padding around my parents' house, wearing pink slippers, sipping on some hot chocolate. Snow is falling outside the window, and Josh Groban's Christmas CD is filling the downstairs with peace on earth and mercy mild. My mother is baking a pie. She's about to ask whether I want to lick the spatula (which, duh, I will).
First, though, I find a stack of Christmas cards and begin to flip through them, pausing to marvel at how big so-and-so's kids have gotten. And then I spot it: an apostrophe in a last name that isn't supposed to be possessive.
I shudder, flipping past the unwarranted punctuation. But as I keep flipping, the apostrophes do, too — flipping me off, that is. They defile Christmas card after Christmas card, last name after last name with their presence. Gone is my Christmas cheer! All my glad tidings, replaced with fury.
"Did no one teach these people how to make their last names plural!?" I scream as I chuck the cards into the fire heretofore crackling peacefully beneath the mantel.
I watch the cards curl and disintegrate in the flames, and I wonder if I've overreacted.
Is pluralizing last names more difficult than I realize? Apparently so. Because we get these cards every year, these cards with their adorable photos and their apostrophe catastrophes.
This year I'd like to pre-empt the pluralization problems. I have created a brief guide to help you pluralize your last name. It is my humble attempt to preserve not only apostrophe protocol but also the dignity of the letter "s."
The definitive guide to pluralizing your last name
Last letter(s) of last name What should you add to make it plural? Does it need an apostrophe? a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h (see exceptions below), i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, t, u, v, w, y -s NO s, x, z, ch, sh -es NO
Pluralization FAQs
Q: What if my last name ends in a "y"?
A: Add an "s." Do not add "ies" or an apostrophe.
Merry Christmas from the Murphys.
Q: What if my last name already ends in an "s"?
A: Add "es." Do not add an apostrophe.
Season's greetings from the Simmonses.
Q: What if my last name is or contains an irregular noun?
A: It is not irregular when it is part of a last name.
Happy holidays from the Hoffmans. Warm wishes from the Wolfs.
Q: What would adding an apostrophe do?
A: It would hurt Tiny Tim. Or it would make your last name possessive.
Q: Is there ever a reason to add an apostrophe?
A: Only if you want to make your last name possessive.
Q: Why do people add apostrophes?
A: I have no idea.
If your goal is to make your last name possessive, then, by all means, use an apostrophe. If your goal is simply pluralization, however, forgo the apostrophe. In the spirit of the season, I beg you.
(Editor's note: This article originally appeared on KateBrannen.com and ran on ABC News in 2014. It has been reprinted here with permission. Brannen is "a rising grown-up, a recovering perfectionist and a recent grad of Asbury University and the Missouri School of Journalism.")
Interested in Melania Trump? Add Melania Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Melania Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Christmas is coming to Donald Trump's White House a bit early this year.
Melania Trump is set to accept the official White House Christmas tree on Monday. First ladies typically receive the tree on the Friday after Thanksgiving, but the Trumps are expected to spend the holiday at their home in Palm Beach, Florida.
Jim and Diane Chapman, owners of a Wisconsin Christmas tree farm, won a contest run by the National Christmas Tree Association and will get to present the tree to the first lady.
The 19 1/2-foot Balsam fir will go on display in the White House Blue Room.
The Christmas Tree Association says the Chapmans also presented trees to the White House in 1998 and 2003.
Angie Oracoy met her daughter in person for the first time live on "Good Morning America" today after giving her baby up for adoption more than 30 years ago.
"Oh my gosh. You're so beautiful," Oracoy said while fighting back tears as she embraced her daughter, Meribeth Blackwell. "It's so awesome. It's wonderful. It's such a good feeling. It feels so natural, too."
ABC News
Angie meets her biological daughter Meribeth's husband and her grandchildren for the very first time. https://t.co/jGJ0mffCP5 pic.twitter.com/d6QDwgcN5x — Good Morning America (@GMA) November 16, 2017
Oracoy, 51, was 19 and living in New Orleans when she gave Blackwell up for adoption in 1986.
"I heard her cry and they were coming to bring her over to me and then someone in the room said, 'No, no, no, she's putting her up for adoption,'" Oracoy recalled. "So they took her. They didn't bring her [to me]."
ABC News
Incredible moment as a mother and daughter finally meet face-to-face after 31 years, live on @GMA: https://t.co/jGJ0mfxdGD pic.twitter.com/JaqBqc7K6I — Good Morning America (@GMA) November 16, 2017
Oracoy saw her daughter in the nursery as she left the hospital and remembers her emotions to this day.
"I really believed in my heart that she could have a family that could support her and that I did not have to offer her," said Oracoy, who has three other children. "I think I cried for, I don't even know, a long time."
ABC News
Blackwell, now married with three kids of her own, was adopted at 6 weeks old by a couple in Alabama. She learned she was adopted at age 6.
Meribeth Blackwell
"It's hard because you love your adoptive parents so much, but at the same time you wonder where you belong," said Blackwell, 31, who grew up as on only child. "You always wonder."
Meribeth Blackwell
Oracoy said she wrote Blackwell a letter that she was never able to give her, but wanted to reiterate the sentiment now in person.
"In my letter, I hoped to express to her that she never felt that I didn't want her," she said on "GMA." "And that I truly was hoping that she would forgive me and understand my reasoning for doing it was so that she could have a life that was better than I could provide."
Blackwell said her adoptive parents, whom she loves dearly, had a message for Oracoy too.
"They just want to say thank you," Blackwell told her. "You gave them a blessing they could not receive. They love you for doing that and will be forever grateful."
Meribeth Blackwell
The two women also got to meet their extended families. Oracoy met her grandchildren for the first time.
"Oh my gosh. Oh my goodness. Hi. Hello," said the overwhelmed grandma.
Angie meets her biological daughter Meribeth's husband and her grandchildren for the very first time. https://t.co/jGJ0mffCP5 pic.twitter.com/d6QDwgcN5x — Good Morning America (@GMA) November 16, 2017
Blackwell also got to meet her siblings.
"I grew up as an only child so to know I had siblings that I wished for at Christmas every year is wonderful," she said.
Meribeth meets her biological siblings for the first time, after meeting her mother for the first time, on @GMA. https://t.co/jGJ0mffCP5 pic.twitter.com/5Hdh04HLtb — Good Morning America (@GMA) November 16, 2017
Blackwell said she though about traveling to New Orleans to see if she would run into her mom or see someone who looked like herself.
Oracoy kept her maiden name and phone number listed in the New Orleans phone book just in case her daughter ever searched for her.
Angie Oracoy
Blackwell grew frustrated by the heartache of online searches that ended in dead ends.
"I finally got to a point where I was just done searching," she said. "I didn't ever think it was gonna happen."
Birth records in Louisiana are closed, so Blackwell decided to try a DNA test. She uploaded her data to the website MyHeritage.com in September.
Weeks later, Blackwell logged back onto the site and saw a notice for a result.
"A screen came up with my DNA results and it said, 'Estimated relationships: Mother,'" Blackwell said.
ABC News
Oracoy had submitted her DNA to the site to learn more about her family history. In the back of her mind, she also thought about the daughter that she gave up for adoption.
"It was her," Oracoy said of the results. "It said it was my daughter."
Oracoy and Blackwell live only five hours from each other. They had communicated only by text and email before meeting in person on "GMA" today.
It was a frigid February night in New York City when Magda Newman was in labor with her first child. With her husband Russel Newman by her side, she labored for nearly 17 hours before giving birth to their son.
But when she finally delivered, the couple's moment of expected happiness quickly turned to anguish.
Watch the full story on ABC News "20/20" THIS FRIDAY at 10 p.m. ET
The Newman Family
"I don't remember fainting, but I certainly remember screaming… 'Oh my god, oh my god, what happened? What's happened? What's happening?" Russel said.
"I saw just shock on people's faces, big eyes, and I [asked], 'What's going on here? Who—what happened?'" Magda said. "And I see them put him [her son] in a little back room. There's 20 people running in there, doing something. I don't hear [the] baby crying."
Magda said the room was filled with silence, and no one was saying anything to her about her newborn baby. At first she said, she thought he was dead.
"I'm like, 'What's going on? Is he alive? What's going on? I want to see the baby,'" she said. "And they didn't want to show it to me."
"I think they were scared at first," Russel said. "Because he had no cheekbones and no upper or lower eyelids… just completely disfigured."
The baby also wasn't breathing. Magda Newman was left on the delivery table as doctors worked to save her son's life.
Russel Newman said one of the doctors called him out of the delivery room to show him a textbook. He said the doctor flipped open a page showing a black and white photo of a teenager with Treacher Collins syndrome. Treacher Collins is an extremely rare congenital craniofacial disorder caused by mutations in the POLR1C gene. It affects an estimated 1 in 50,000 people in the United States. The diagnosis did not show up on any of Magda's pre-natal scans - a common occurrence in cases of Treacher Collins.
"And I remember thinking, 'That's going to be my kid?'" he said. "It was surreal."
The Newman Family
Nathaniel's first year
The Newmans' named their baby Nathaniel and contacted the Institute of Reconstructive Plastic Surgery (IRPS) at NYU Langone Medical Center, a leading hospital working with children who have Treacher Collins. They left a message and within hours, they received a phone call back from Shelley Cohen, a speech and language pathologist.
"I said… 'Hello. Who's this?'" Russel said. "She goes, 'It's Shelley Cohen. Congratulations.'"
"That was the first person who said to us, 'Congratulations,'" Magda said.
Before Russel could say anything else, he said Cohen said to him, "Hey, Mr. Newman, you had a baby boy, I heard. That's wonderful."
"And I remember going, 'Are you freaking nuts?'" Russel said. "And she said, 'Let me just tell you, your son is going to live a long, healthy, happy, wonderful life.' And I believed her."
Nathaniel was transferred to the neonatal intensive care unit at NYU Langone, where he spent the first month of his life. Pat Chibbaro, a pediatric nurse practitioner who worked with the Newmans, said they were "absolutely devastated."
"Families will say, 'Well, when is the surgery? When is the surgery, that's going to make this all… go away," Chibbaro said. "And unfortunately… It's a journey. It's not a surgery."
But shortly after Nathaniel was born, the Newmans said something unexpected happened that sustained them through the early days and then the years ahead. While still reeling from the trauma of his birth, Russel and Magda Newman found themselves alone in a hospital room watching the Grammys. The show opened with Christina Aguilera singing her song, 'Beautiful.' It became a beacon of hope for them.
"I swear she was singing to us that night, I swear, as cheesy as that sounds," Russel said. "That song just resonated."
"We decided he's going to be beautiful not because of his appearance, because of his personality," Magda added. "He's going to be a beautiful person."
The Newman Family
The couple said they decided right then to get out of bed and go down to the NICU to see their son.
"And we held Nathaniel for the first time," Russel said, through tears. "And it was awesome. And then the journey started."
Magda said it took a year before she could look at her son without flinching.
"I almost cried every day," she said. "Every single time I looked at him, I could not believe it's my child. I couldn't believe it."
In Nathaniel's case, his condition caused him to be born without cheekbones, eye sockets or ears and he had a severely undeveloped jaw. Hearing and eating was were nearly impossible, but most harrowing was that his condition made it difficult for him to breathe. His nasal passageway is nearly solid bone and his airway is so narrow it was like trying to breathe through a soda straw.
As different as Nathaniel looked on the outside, Nurse Practitioner Pat Chibbaro assured the Newmans that his brain was unaffected.
"Other than his appearance and how his life functions, breathing, eating, etc., he is no different than any other …boy," Russel Newman said.
During the first year of his life, Nathaniel went through more than 10 surgeries to try to improve his quality of life.
"We've never done cosmetic surgery on Nathaniel," Russel said. "Everything we've done … his whole life has had some benefit to life function."
After several failed surgical attempts to open his nasal passages, an emergency tracheotomy was performed on Nathaniel - a surgical procedure in which an incision is made in the trachea creating a direct airway. It is a procedure as life-altering as it is life-saving.
"Once you become dependent on a trach, your life changes," Russel said. "His brain, his body is going to learn to breathe through a trach, and then, he's going to be prone to infection, which ended up proving to be true."
For the first-time parents, bath time became a scary activity, as they tried to avoid getting water in Nathaniel's trach. They started sleeping in shifts to constantly monitor their fragile son but remained committed to their pledge to give him as normal a life as possible. However, moments as simple as pushing Nathaniel down the street in a stroller were a trial.
"I lived in New York City," Magda Newman said. "We're walking with the stroller, and everybody was, 'Oh, you have a baby.' And they go, 'Let me see the baby.' And they're like, 'God bless you.'"
"Oh, that was the worst," she continued. "As a new mother, nobody would say, 'Oh, he's so cute. Oh, congratulations.'"
ABC News
The decision to have another child
By the time Nathaniel turned two, Russel and Magda started talking about having a second child, but it was not an easy decision to make. There was still a 50-50 chance that a second child would be born with Treacher Collins as well. The Newmans say they did "every test known to man", hoping to ensure that this would not happen.
"Our DNA was even sent off to Johns Hopkins," he said. "They basically came back and said, 'We're 99 percent sure your second child will not be affected by Treacher Collins.'"
The Newmans' second trip to the delivery room was nothing like the first.
"This delivery was so quick," Magda said. "I walk into the hospital. Twenty minutes later Jacob was born."
"Jacob literally came out looking like a porcelain doll," Russel added. "He was just gorgeous."
The Newman Family
Through the years, Nathaniel and Jacob shared all the typical moments and memories that brothers do, but for Nathaniel, things were always different. When he was around 4 or 5 years old, Russel Newman said Nathaniel became conscious of his own face.
"He could clearly vocalize, 'I don't like the staring. I don't like the name calling," Russel said. "At that age we're going to birthday parties and other kids see him and scream and leave. He knows it was about him."
Nathaniel says the first time he realized his face was different from other kids' was "when the first kid called [me], 'monster'."
"And then I realized that they don't do it to anybody else, so I was different," Nathaniel said. "I was insulted… [kids] don't really think about what they're saying and their parents don't really do anything about it."
By the time he was 11 years old, Nathaniel had been through 54 surgeries. Now when he meets new people, he said he explains to them that he has Treacher Collins, and isn't bothered so much by looking different.
"I kind of like it," he said. "It just seems fun because I stand out."
"Sometimes if I'm having a good time, I forget what I look like," Nathaniel added.
Starting middle school
In fall 2015, Nathaniel, walked into B.D. Billinghurst Middle School in Reno, Nevada, for his first day of sixth grade. Russel had gotten a new job that moved them to Reno. For Nathaniel, this meant having to meet an entirely new group of classmates.
To ease the transition, the Newmans came up with a plan to have Nathaniel write a letter to his classmates explaining his condition, but also that he was as normal as any of them. In the letter Nathaniel told his classmates that he had three dogs and liked Pokemon and Star Wars.
"And we included a picture to try and avoid some of the first day shock and awe if you will," Russel Newman said.
One of his teachers said the letter was very helpful for the students to know what to expect, "rather than just walking into school and then having that reaction."
There is something else that the Newmans mention in Nathaniel's letter that has changed the way children react to him.
"We incorporate the book 'Wonder' into the welcome letters," Russel said. "Like, 'Hey, you might have read 'Wonder' now. Well, I'm a kid just like Auggie Pullman."
The novel "Wonder," by R.J. Palacio, was published in 2012. It has sold more than five million copies and been translated into 45 languages. Palacio said the idea for the book came after she and her young son had a chance encounter with a little girl who had a severe facial difference - like Treacher Collins.
Palacio was outside an ice cream shop in her Brooklyn neighborhood when she first noticed the young girl. She said when her son saw the little girl's face he began to cry hysterically. In an attempt to protect the young girl from the embarrassing episode, Palacio said she quickly pushed her stroller away. As soon as the incident was over, Palacio regretted how she handled it and could not stop thinking about it for the rest of the day.
"I just thought, 'OK, I'm going to write a book and… it's going to be about what it must be like to face a world every day that doesn't know how to face you back," she said.
ABC News
After nearly 60 surgeries, Nathaniel undergoes a radical procedure
The Newmans met with surgeons at Seattle Children's Hospital and made the difficult decision to have him undergo a radical surgery that had only been performed on one other child with Treacher Collins. He was 12 years old, and the goal of the surgery was to be able to open up Nathaniel's airway enough to finally remove his trach.
For the surgery, Dr. Richard Hopper, the chief surgeon at the hospital's cranio-facial center, had to literally rearrange the bones in Nathaniel's face.
"It's not giving you a new face," Hopper told him. "I think you should be very happy with your face and we don't want to take that away from you but it puts your face into a different position."
As Russel had done for all of Nathaniel's nearly 60 surgeries, he carried his son into the operating room.
"It never gets easier. Putting your son on a metal table, surrounded by things that are going to cut him open," Russel said.
During the 12-hour surgery doctors separated Nathaniel's skull from his face and moved it into the correct position, anchoring the bones in place with a metal halo that would remain attached to his head for three months. When Nathaniel woke up, his jaw was wired shut to the halo and he could not eat or speak. Attached to that halo were tiny turning devices that Russel and Magda were required to screw three times a day to continue the excruciatingly slow process of moving Nathaniel's face.
The Newman Family
The whole process was so difficult it often left the Newmans questioning whether they had made the right decision.
"When you look at your kid and his head is in a cage and you got to take a screw to it… who wouldn't question whether you're doing the right thing?" Russel said.
But with each moment of doubt, they reminded themselves of their goal - a trach-free life for their son.
Play
Nathaniel Newman today
In August 2016 doctors removed the metal halo from Nathaniel's head. But he still had to undergo months of tests and evaluations before those doctors were finally ready to do something the Newmans had waited a lifetime to do - remove Nathaniel's trach.
After 13 years of heartache, struggle, perseverance, and triumph, something that for so long had just been a dream, was now a reality.
Over the years, the Newman family has worked with two non-profit organizations, myFace and Children's Craniofacial Association, both offer support to patients with facial differences and their families. as well as raise awareness about these conditions.
And recently, Nathaniel celebrated his 13th birthday.
Russel Newman marked the occasion by sharing an emotional message to his son on Facebook, writing, "you, my little wonder boy, you show me every day that my strength pales in comparison to what you possess in that enormous heart of yours."
"I have a 13-year-old boy that's tackled more challenges than most 100-year-old men would ever dream of."
A 34-year-old man is facing multiple charges after police say he took photos of a college student in a restroom on the Virginia Tech campus.
The Roanoke Times reports ( http://bit.ly/2zeGNoW ) that Aldron Adams of Pulaski is facing a March 1 court appearance on charges including filming a non-consenting nude person, marijuana possession and fleeing from law enforcement.
According to court records, a student using the restroom in Tech's McComas Hall on Nov. 8 noticed a hand reaching under the stall with a phone in a "glittery pink case."
The court records state the student followed Adams out of the restroom and called police, who arrested Adams and found drugs on his person and in his car.
The paper reports that Adams' lawyer declined comment.
———
Information from: The Roanoke Times, http://www.roanoke.com
A reputed Connecticut mobster who authorities say is the last surviving person of interest in the largest art heist in U.S. history wants to await sentencing in an unrelated weapons case at his home.
The motion filed Friday by Robert Gentile's attorney in federal court called Gentile's multiple transfers to prisons "cruel and unusual punishment."
The 81-year-old Gentile was to be sentenced in September. But a judge postponed it after Gentile's lawyer raised concerns about his client's mental health, saying he couldn't remember pleading guilty.
Prosecutors have said they believe Gentile has information about the still-unsolved 1990 heist at Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston. Thieves stole an estimated $500 million worth of artwork.
The U.S. attorney's office in Connecticut declined to comment Saturday on the motion.
The Palestinians threatened on Saturday to suspend all communication with the United States if the Trump administration follows through with plans to close their diplomatic office in Washington. The potential rupture in relations threatens to undermine President Donald Trump's bid for Mideast peace — a mission he has handed his son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the U.S. decision was "very unfortunate and unacceptable," and accused Washington of bowing to pressure from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government "at a time when we are trying to cooperate to achieve the ultimate deal."
In a video statement on social media, Erekat said: "We will put on hold all our communications with this American administration."
There was no immediate reaction from the Trump administration. Netanyahu's office said the closure was "a matter of U.S. law."
U.S. officials had insisted before Erekat's statement that the move wasn't aimed at increasing leverage over the Palestinians, but merely the unavoidable consequence of U.S. law.
Cutting off ties would carry great risks for the Palestinians. It could antagonize an administration they already suspect is biased toward Israel and cut put millions of dollars of critical U.S. aid in jeopardy.
However, unresponsive Palestinians would deal an embarrassing blow to the Trump administration ahead of an expected peace initiative and potentially prevent it from getting off the ground. Their stance could also complicate U.S. efforts to promote a regionwide approach by bringing together Israel with Saudi Arabia and other moderate Arab allies in a joint effort against Iran. Arab countries might be reluctant to get too close to Israel in the absence of serious progress on the Palestinian issue.
The administration announced late Friday that the Palestinians had run afoul of a legal provision that says the Palestine Liberation Organization cannot operate a Washington office if the Palestinians try to get the International Criminal Court to prosecute Israelis for crimes against Palestinians.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson determined that the Palestinians crossed that line in September, when Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called on the court to investigate and prosecute Israelis, according to State Department officials. They weren't authorized to publicly discuss the situation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
It wasn't clear when the office would close or whether the Palestinians would have to clear out of the building entirely or just close it to the public. Riad Malki, the Palestinian foreign minister, said he was told by the Americans that U.S. and State Department legal teams would meet Monday to decide how the new situation would affect the office, the functioning of diplomats and contacts with the Palestinians.
"We will wait to hear back from them," Malki said. After that, the Palestinians will decide how to react.
Under the law, Trump now has 90 days to consider whether the Palestinians are in "direct and meaningful negotiations with Israel." If Trump determines they are, then the mission can reopen, officials said.
PLO official Hanan Ashrawi said the U.S. was "disqualifying itself as a peace broker in the region" by refusing to extend a waiver from the law.
"Conditioning the renewal of the waiver on the Palestinians' sticking to 'direct and meaningful negotiations with Israel' is actually superfluous since negotiations are nonexistent, and the current U.S. administration has yet to present any kind of peace initiative," she said in a statement.
The U.S. said it wasn't cutting off relations with the Palestinians and remained focused on a comprehensive peace agreement between Israelis and Palestinians. One of the U.S. officials said in an email that "this measure should in no way be seen as a signal that the U.S. is backing off those efforts."
The Palestinians quickly dismissed that argument, with Malki telling Palestine Radio that the Palestinian leadership "will not accept any extortion or pressure." Erekat contended the move was the result of "the pressure being exerted on this administration by the Netanyahu government."
In response, the Israeli prime minister's office said, "We respect the decision and look forward to continuing to work with the U.S. to advance peace and security in the region."
The Israelis and Palestinians are not engaged in active, direct negotiations. But Trump's team, led by Kushner in his role as senior White House adviser, is working to broker a deal aimed at settling the intractable conflict.
The Palestinians, publicly supportive of the U.S. effort, are nonetheless skeptical because Trump's close ties to Israel suggest whatever deal he proposes might be unfavorable to them. The threat of losing their office in the American capital could become one more pressure point as the Trump administration tries to persuade the Palestinians to come to the table.
The PLO is the group that formally represents all Palestinians. Although the U.S. does not recognize Palestinian statehood, the PLO maintains a "general delegation" office in Washington that facilitates Palestinian officials' interactions with the U.S. government.
The United States allowed the PLO to open a mission in Washington in 1994. That required President Bill Clinton to waive a law that said the Palestinians couldn't have an office. In 2011, under the Obama administration, the U.S. started letting the Palestinians fly their flag over the office, an upgrade to the status of their mission that the Palestinians hailed as historic.
Israel opposes any Palestinian membership in U.N.-related organizations until a peace deal has been reached.
The Trump administration has not disclosed details about its effort to achieve an agreement that ostensibly would grant the Palestinians an independent state in exchange for an end to its conflict with the Israelis. Kushner and other top Trump aides have been shuttling to the region to meet with Palestinians, Israelis and officials from Arab nations.
The requirement about the mission closing stems from a little-noticed provision in U.S. law that says the U.S. cannot allow the Palestinians to have a Washington office if they back the international court's move to investigate or prosecute Israeli nationals for alleged crimes against Palestinians.
Abbas said at the United Nations in September that the Palestinians had "called on the International Criminal Court to open an investigation and to prosecute Israeli officials for their involvement in settlement activities and aggressions against our people."
The U.S. president can let the Palestinians keep the office despite the violation, only if certifying to Congress "that the Palestinians have entered into direct and meaningful negotiations with Israel." The provision doesn't explicitly define what would constitute direct or meaningful negotiations.
———
Associated Press writers Josef Federman and Aron Heller in Jerusalem contributed to this report.
———
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP and Matthew Lee at http://twitter.com/APDiploWriter
A reward has climbed to $215,000 in the search for the killer of a veteran Baltimore police detective who was fatally shot in the head while on duty, the FBI said.
Det. Sean Suiter, a married father of five and an 18-year veteran with the Baltimore Police, was conducting a follow-up to a homicide investigation around 5 p.m. Wednesday when he saw a man engaging in suspicious activity, police said.
Suiter approached the man and was shot in the head shortly after, police said.
Suiter's partner was nearby and rushed over to render aid, police said.
Kevin Richardson/The Baltimore Sun via AP
On Wednesday evening, Suiter was in "very, very grave condition" and was fighting "for his life," Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said.
Suiter, 43, died around noon Thursday, authorities said.
Rest In Peace Detective Sean Suiter https://t.co/NiKIdmzbAD pic.twitter.com/l7vkrOKjMv — Baltimore Police (@BaltimorePolice) November 16, 2017
Davis said Suiter was "a loved guy" who "loved being a cop."
Baltimore Police Maj. Martin Bartness wrote on Twitter, "Suiter was my rock" as a new sergeant.
"He knew his post; colleagues & citizens respected him. He was the man u wanted investigating ur case & patrolling ur neighborhood," he said. "Quick with a smile & big of heart, he is dearly missed. RIP, my friend."
We have lost our best. When I was a new sgt in the WD, Det Suiter was my rock. He knew his post; colleagues & citizens respected him. He was the man u wanted investigating ur case & patrolling ur neighborhood. Quick with a smile & big of heart, he is dearly missed. RIP, my friend — Martin Bartness (@MartinBartness) November 16, 2017
The manhunt is ongoing for Suiter's killer, whom Davis described as "cold" and "callous."
Davis said that evidence suggests the suspect may have been wounded.
He said the suspect is likely in the Baltimore community.
Algerina Perna /The Baltimore Sun via AP
Davis said today that tips have come in, adding, "I encourage our tipsters to keep calling."
"I know that our community is just as upset about this as we are," Davis said at a news conference this afternoon. "When a cop is killed, that goes way beyond that murder. It's an attack on American policing."
Baltimore Sun/TNS via Getty Images
Baltimore Sun/TNS via Getty Images
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said in a statement Thursday, "It is difficult to express the sadness -- and anger -- that comes with losing this dedicated public servant to such a cruel and senseless act of violence.
"The State of Maryland will continue to support local law enforcement as they hunt down the individual that committed this heinous crime, and ensure that the full force of justice is brought to bear," he added.
"We join all Marylanders in praying for Det. Suiter's wife, children, and loved ones during this time of tragedy," Hogan said. "May God continue to bless the brave men and women who serve and protect us every single day, including all of Det. Suiter's fellow officers on the Baltimore City police force."
The FBI in Baltimore said anyone with information can call 1-800-CALL-FBI.
The Latest on the assault of a reporter by Montana Rep. Greg Gianforte on the eve of his election (all times local):
5 p.m.
Documents released Friday show a Montana congressman misled investigators about his assault on a reporter and claimed that the "liberal media" was "trying to make a story" out of it.
The documents from Gallatin County law enforcement include notes from an interview of Rep. Greg Gianforte just after the attack, which occurred the day before the Republican's victory in a special election.
Gianforte told an officer that Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs had grabbed Gianforte's wrists and pulled the politician down on top of him.
Multiple witnesses contradicted that account and said Gianforte became enraged at Jacobs for what he perceived as biased coverage. They said Gianforte body slammed the reporter, threw him to the ground and punched him.
Gianforte later pleaded guilty to assault.
———
3 p.m.
Law enforcement officials in Montana have released a trove of materials from their investigation into a Republican House candidate who assaulted a reporter on the eve of his election to the U.S. House.
More than 100 pages of documents, photos and audio from the investigation into Rep. Greg Gianforte were released under a court order Friday following requests from The Associated Press and other news organizations.
Gianforte threw Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs to the ground on May 24 — the day before his victory in a special election over Democrat Rob Quist.
In the attack's immediate aftermath, the Republican's campaign portrayed Jacobs as the instigator. That version of events was contradicted audio from Jacobs and by a Fox News reporter who witnessed the attack.
Gianforte later pleaded guilty to assault.
Interested in NFL? Add NFL as an interest to stay up to date on the latest NFL news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The NFL is investigating an allegation that Jameis Winston groped a female Uber driver in 2016, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback has denied the allegation on his social media accounts.
The Buccaneers acknowledged the allegation Friday and released a statement saying they are in the "process of obtaining further information regarding today's media report. We take these matters seriously and are fully supportive of the investigation that is being conducted by the NFL."
The NFL also released a statement saying that it has reached out to Uber to request more information.
The Uber driver told BuzzFeed News the incident stems from a 2 a.m. ride after a party in Scottsdale, Arizona, on March 13, 2016. The driver said Winston was the only passenger, and that he sat in the front seat and was yelling homophobic slurs at pedestrians. She said he then asked the driver to stop for food, and while waiting in a drive-thru, reached over and placed his hand on her crotch.
A representative for Winston, Russ Spielman, issued a statement denying the allegations. He said the only reason Winston's name is attached to the allegation is because his Uber account was used to call the ride.
Winston reiterated his denial in postings on Twitter and Instagram on Friday.
"A news organization has published a story about me regarding an alleged incident involving a female Uber driver from approximately two years ago," the quarterback wrote. "The story falsely accuses me of making inappropriate contact with this driver. I believe the driver was confused as to the number of passengers in the car and who was sitting next to her. The accusation is false, and given the nature of the allegation and increased awareness and consideration of these types of matters, I am addressing this false report immediately. At the time of the alleged incident, I denied the allegations to Uber, yet they still decided to suspend my account.
"I am supportive of the national movement to raise awareness and develop better responses to the concerns of parties who find themselves in these types of situations, but this accusation is false. While I am certain that I did not make any inappropriate contact, I don't want to engage in a battle with the driver and I regret if my demeanor or presence made her uncomfortable in any way."
Winston has been at the center of a previous sexual assault allegation.
He and Erica Kinsman, who said Winston raped her while both attended Florida State, settled a civil lawsuit in December 2016 that she had brought against him. Winston said Kinsman's allegations stemming from a 2012 encounter were false and that he and Kinsman had consensual sex, and countersued.
Charges were never brought against Winston as prosecutors said there wasn't enough evidence in the case to win a conviction and there were gaps in Kinsman's story.
———
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
She started in go-karts when she was 10, and was a national champion two years later. By the time Danica Patrick turned 16, she was on her own in Europe, pursuing a racing career.
Patrick was a fearless woman in a sport almost exclusively comprised of male drivers. She raced hard, sparred with her rivals off the track and rarely flinched while becoming one of the most recognizable athletes in the world.
Her tough-girl persona almost never cracked in public.
When it came time to announce her retirement, with her mother, father, sister, brother-in-law, boyfriend and support team watching from the back of a crowded room at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Friday afternoon, Patrick broke down in tears.
"I feel like this is where my life should be headed, and sometimes we just get kind of nudged there," she began. "Sometimes it's big nudges and sometimes it's little."
The 35-year-old Patrick paused several times to compose herself to announce that she will race only in the Daytona 500 and the Indianapolis 500 next year and then she will walk away from a sport where success was elusive even as she grew into a superstar with multiple labels, not the least of which was savvy businesswoman.
Patrick has known for at least a month that she will end her career next season at the Indianapolis 500, a decision that will bring her full circle and return her one last time to the storied track that made her famous. Discussing her decision with The Associated Press a few hours before her announcement, Patrick was giddy with excitement and thrilled at the chance to take one more spin around Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Patrick told AP it took her many months to come to the realization her career is all but over. Once she accepted it, she began putting together plans for "The Danica Double" over the last several weeks.
"Nothing that was being presented excited me, then about three weeks ago, I just blurted out, 'What about Indy? Let's end it with the Indy 500,'" she said. "This ignites something in me. But I am done after May. Everyone needs to put their mind there. My plan is to be at Indy, and then I'm done."
Patrick would not reveal who she will drive for in either race next year, but Chip Ganassi Racing is the likely ride at Indy. Ganassi has room to field additional cars — he's scaling down from four full-time cars to two next year — and would give Patrick a car capable of winning. Roger Penske and Michael Andretti both have full lineups announced for next year's Indy 500.
Patrick will not be driving in the Daytona 500 for Stewart-Haas Racing, team co-owner Tony Stewart told AP. Patrick moved from IndyCar to NASCAR after the 2011 season, and has been racing Cup cars for SHR since 2012. She is being replaced after Sunday's season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway by Aric Almirola.
"I met with her and her agent once," Ganassi said. "I think it is a good idea for her to do, in fact I think it's a great idea. The business-side of the deal still has to work."
Ganassi already has Cup star Kyle Larson in his camp practically begging for a shot at the Indy 500. Would he enter one-off entries at Indy for both Patrick and Larson?
"I'd have to talk to Larson about that," Ganassi smiled.
Larson and Patrick are close friends, and he posted on Twitter he was happy for her following her Friday announcement: "She's done so much for Motorsports. I'm excited for her and her future adventures!! #Namaste."
Patrick is the only woman to have led laps in both the Daytona 500 and the Indianapolis 500. Patrick ran the Indy 500 from 2005 through 2011. Her highest finish was third in 2009, and she was the first woman to lead laps in the race when she paced the field for 19 trips around the Brickyard as a rookie.
Patrick was highly marketable early in her career even though wins were rare. She won the pole for the Daytona 500 in 2013, but finished 24th in the standings the last two seasons. She won her only IndyCar race in 2008, in Japan.
Sponsorship trouble surfaced this year, too. When no strong opportunities for next season presented itself, Patrick decided to call it a career next Memorial Day weekend.
"I think it's awesome and it will make for a huge month of May that she's back there," said Stewart, who spent half of his career trying to win the Indy 500. "It would be really cool to see her face on the Borg-Warner Trophy, if she can pull that off."
Patrick had been adamant she would never return to IndyCar or the 500, but changed her mind as she realized her competitive options were dwindling.
"I know I always said I'd never go back to Indy, and I was always being honest," she said. "Well, things change. I know now you can never say never. I'd been going through this in my head and kept asking myself, 'How am I going to get the words out and say it's over?' And trust me, I lost my (stuff) a few times over that.
"But this seems right, and this seems good."
Patrick told AP she had only informed about 10 people of her decision prior to Friday's announcement. Everyone had been extremely happy with the path she's chosen. She said longtime boyfriend Ricky Stenhouse Jr. "has never been more excited about something about me in his life."
Stewart praised Patrick for her time at SHR, and said his team would never have expanded to four cars without her assistance. Kevin Harvick will try to win a second championship in four years for the organization on Sunday, and Stewart said Patrick has been a huge part of the team's success.
He was disappointed to learn she's ready to stop driving.
"I am happy that she is doing it on her terms, but I am sad because I feel like there are wins under her belt that she can still get," Stewart told AP. "I thought she'd go road racing or back to IndyCar or something along those lines, because I think that's where she can be successful."
Patrick's fame was launched in IndyCar, and her relationship with former sponsor GoDaddy made her one of the most recognizable female athletes anywhere, from Super Bowl commercials to race days in the green-and-black firesuit. She has a winery in California, a line of athletic wear and an exercise and fitness program. Patrick said she'll have more time to spend on those ventures after the Indy 500.
Her career crossroads was put in motion when GoDaddy left auto racing after 2015, then new sponsor Nature's Bakery was unable to fulfill its three-year commitment to SHR and Patrick. The team pieced together sponsorship all year, but the deal for Almirola next year made Patrick expendable.
"I didn't want to be pushed into anything, and everyone can relate, sometimes things just shift and change around you," she told AP. "Especially with me and the sponsor situation. I've never been there before. I've always had a sponsor. It forces you into thinking about things and nothing was lining up easily. If I don't feel like I can run better than where I am, then I don't want to do it. And, there have been times that I could not have been more miserable.
"That's not why I come, and I feel like it takes away from everything else I accomplished. I don't want to be remembered for the things that didn't go as well. I want to be remembered for the things that went well."
———
More AP Auto Racing: http://racing.ap.org
Interested in Trump Administration? Add Trump Administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Trump Administration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The State Department is hitting back at the growing bipartisan criticism of Rex Tillerson's leadership and accusations he is presiding over a debilitating brain drain of the nation's diplomatic corps. At the same time, it allowed that a lack of communication with employees about Tillerson's intent to reorganize the department had contributed to low morale.
In a letter to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee's Republican chairman, the department said Tillerson's reorganization plans aren't crippling the agency as reports have claimed. Top ranks aren't being intentionally gutted through attrition, mass retirements and buyouts, it said, and a planned 8 percent reduction of its nearly 75,000 employees had been mandated by the Office of Management and Budget and is proceeding under that order.
Meanwhile, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said there was a need to better communicate plans.
"Admittedly, the department could do a better job of communicating every single step along the way of the redesign process," she told reporters. "There is a morale issue and the department realizes that we need to say more."
In the letter, which was sent to Sen. Bob Corker late Thursday, the department said there are only 108 fewer foreign service officers now than in 2016. The tally is still 2,000 more than there were in 2008, it said.
It said a widely cited figure that 60 percent of diplomats at the highest level had left the foreign service since January is a "distortion" because only six people held the rank known as "career ambassador." Two remain, it said. Since 1980, only from one to seven career ambassadors have ever served at the same time.
Nevertheless, the letter seems unlikely to stem the criticism of Tillerson. Critics also point to departures of senior and mid-level foreign service officers and a hiring freeze of entry level diplomats that has been relaxed only to take on about 100 new employees in the current budget year. That's about a third of recent yearly intakes.
Nauert appealed to frustrated diplomats not to leave their careers in frustration.
"There is a morale issue in this building and that's why I say, you know, folks, hang in there," she said. "We have a lot of work to be done. Please don't give up. Don't give up on this building. Don't give up on what America's doing. Don't give up on the importance of this job and this career."
Democratic and Republican lawmakers also oppose Tillerson's proposal to cut the department's budget by nearly 30 percent, suggesting there will be rancorous exchanges on staffing levels in coming months.
The letter, signed by Charles S. Faulkner of the Bureau of Legislative Affairs, follows an intense week of criticism of Tillerson.
Since taking office, the former Exxon Mobil CEO has been targeted by frequent attacks from Democrats, former diplomats and pundits on the left and the right. In recent days, Corker and a fellow prominent Republican, Arizona Sen. John McCain, joined the chorus.
Corker on Tuesday echoed comments of his committee's top Democrat, Sen. Ben Cardin, who spoke of "alarming" reports that America's diplomatic corps is being decimated by the reorganization. Corker said the concerns were "bipartisan in nature" and lamented that a briefing about the reorganization with State Department officials had been "very unsatisfactory" and incomplete.
A day later, McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, wrote a letter with Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen criticizing the department for management decisions "that threaten to undermine the long-term health and effectiveness of American diplomacy."
The entire minority membership of the House Foreign Affairs Committee followed, writing to Tillerson to say they're "profoundly concerned about what appears to be the intentional hollowing-out of our senior diplomatic ranks and the entire State Department with no apparent goal."
The criticism followed a highly critical missive from the American Foreign Service Association, the union representing U.S. diplomats.
Its president, Barbara Stephenson, likened senior staff reductions to a "decapitation" that would be met with public outcry if it had occurred in the military.
"The rapid loss of so many senior officers has a serious, immediate and tangible effect on the capacity of the United States to shape world events," she said.
The State Department feels the criticism is unfair. In its letter to Corker, the agency said there are only 20 fewer senior foreign service officers now than there were a year ago (1,048 compared with 1,068). This year's retirements are five fewer than in 2016, it said. Buyouts to induce early retirement of more than 600 diplomats are consistent with a directive to reduce the federal workforce.
It said reorganization is a work in progress, appealing for patience as officials make the department "more efficient and effective within a sustainable budget."
"A project such as this demands careful execution and we are committed to doing just that and notifying Congress as required," the State Department said.
Actor Tom Sizemore is denying recent allegations that he groped an 11-year-old Utah girl during a 2003 photo shoot.
Sizemore called the claims "highly disturbing" in a statement late Thursday. He lamented his history of drug abuse and domestic violence arrests, but says he would never inappropriately touch a child.
A Salt Lake City police report says the girl reported that Sizemore kissed and groped her during production of the movie eventually titled "Born Killers." Utah prosecutors didn't file charges, citing witness and evidence problems.
The report says the woman responsible for juvenile performers didn't see inappropriate touching. A lawyer said Sizemore was fired from the production. Sizemore says he was allowed back after an investigation.
Sizemore's career has included prominent roles in "Saving Private Ryan" and "Black Hawk Down."
Jeffrey Tambor, star of the award-winning Amazon show "Transparent," has been accused of sexual harassment by two women.
The latest accuser, Trace Lysette, a transgender actress who plays yoga instructor Shea on the show, claimed in a lengthy statement on Twitter, that Tambor made "many sexual advances and comments" toward her and "one time it got physical" while filming season 2.
Lysette said that while filming a scene with Tambor, he first seemingly joked, "My God, Trace. I want to attack you sexually."
Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images
"He came in close, put his bare feet on top of mine so I could not move, leaned his body against me," she alleged.
In a statement to ABC News, Tambor responded to Lysette's accusations.
"I know I haven't always been the easiest person to work with. I can be volatile and ill-tempered, and too often I express my opinions harshly and without tact," he said. "But I have never been a predator — ever. I am deeply sorry if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being sexually aggressive or if I ever offended or hurt anyone. But the fact is, for all my flaws, I am not a predator and the idea that someone might see me in that way is more distressing than I can express."
Amazon Prime Video
Lysette's claims comes days after his former personal assistant, Van Barnes, leveled sexual harassment accusations against the actor.
Due to a nondisclosure agreement signed by the trans actress, Barnes' lawyer told The Hollywood Reporter she couldn't elaborate on the claims. Still, details leaked out about Barnes' claims in a private Facebook post.
ABC News reached out to Barnes' lawyer, but didn't immediately hear back.
Still, a rep for Amazon told Deadline that it had initiated an investigation over Barnes' claims.
Amazon has not responded to ABC News' request for comment.
John Shearer/WireImage/Getty Images
Tambor, 73, responded to Barnes's accusations in a statement.
"I am aware that a former disgruntled assistant of mine has made a private post implying that I had acted in an improper manner toward her," Tambor told Deadline in a statement. "I adamantly and vehemently reject and deny any and all implication and allegation that I have ever engaged in any improper behavior toward this person or any other person I have ever worked with. I am appalled and distressed by this baseless allegation."
When asked about Lysette's claims, Amazon told The Hollywood Reporter that it's adding "this information will be added to our ongoing conversation."
Leeann Tweeden alleged today in an online post that Sen. Al Franken forced her to kiss him several years ago when they were both in Afghanistan.
She is a radio anchor at Los Angeles station KABC (owned by Cumulus Media) and has worked in sports broadcasting. She currently covers the news during the morning radio show "McIntyre in the Morning" which runs from 5 a.m. until 10 a.m. local time.
In the first-person account that she wrote for KABC's website, in which she accuses Franken of kissing and groping her, Tweeden mentions some of her past modeling work.
She writes that she has been on the covers of Playboy, Maxim and FHM.
She is married and she has two children - a son, 4, and a 2-year-old daughter.
Tweeden's 2006 USO trip to Afghanistan, when the alleged groping and kissing incidents with Franken occurred, was not the first time Tweeden entertained U.S. troops.
The 2006 trip was her ninth time participating in a USO Tour since the Sept. 11 attacks five years earlier, she wrote.
" /> U.S. Army
According to Tweeden's post, her father served in the Vietnam War and her now-husband, whom she was dating at the time of the 2006 tour, is an Air Force pilot.
Franken, who was elected as a Democratic senator for Minnesota in 2008, responded to the accusations in a statement.
"I certainly don't remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way, but I send my sincerest apologies to Leeann. As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn't. I shouldn't have done it," he said.
In the beginning, there was Hobby Lobby president Steve Green and his first purchase of a biblical artifact in 2009 that launched the Green Collection.
What Green has accomplished since then is a full-fledged museum dedicated to the "Book of Books" in Washington, D.C.
After nearly three years of construction, the Museum of the Bible will open its 40-foot tall, bronze doors — the Gutenberg Gates — inscribed with Genesis's first chapter in Latin to the public today.
Taking a page from the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture that opened last September, the Museum of the Bible will provide guests free admission and timed tickets as a way to control the crowds.
The museum is 430,000 square feet, features a 140-foot LED display mounted to the ceiling that show images like stained glass, a grand staircase with glass railings winding up as if to reach to the heavens, a glass galley that offers a view of the Capitol and the Washington Monument, an outdoor Biblical garden on the rooftop, and a massive 472-seat theater that will host the Broadway's Amazing Grace musical production until January.
Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Artifacts include the Codex Climaci Rescriptus, first edition Bibles and Torah scrolls, and other artifacts on loan from the Vatican Library and Museum and the Israel Antiquity Authority.
To go through the entire museum, viewing every exhibit and video, would take nine 8-hour days.
A conservative Christian known for winning his company's 2014 Supreme Court case against Obamacare's contraceptive mandate, Green and the other leaders have stressed that the museum is nonsectarian and is an invitation for visitors of all faiths to engage with the Bible.
The exhibits' contents are devoid of hot button issues like same-sex marriage and abortion, officials say.
The opening gala was held Thursday night at the Trump Tower, the Washington Post reported.
Zeiss said his hope is that President Donald Trump would visit the museum and that "every president would come at some time."
In 2010, the Museum of the Bible was formed as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit with the intent, according to IRS tax form files pulled from ProPublica, "to bring to life the living word of God, to tell its compelling story of preservation, and to inspire confidence in the absolute authority and reliability of the Bible."
The nonprofit's mission statement changed on its 2012 tax form: "We exist to invite people to engage with the Bible through our four primary activities: traveling exhibits, scholarship, building of a permanent museum in DC, and developing elective high school curriculum."
Green told reporters that "the intent had always been to be a nonsectarian museum."
Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Candida Moss, a University of Birmingham theology professor and co-author of the book "Bible Nation: The United States of Hobby Lobby," called it a "good faith effort" from the museum to be nonsectarian.
It has been "external criticism that has pushed them towards the museum that they have," she said.
The museum has included a section devoted to the Hebrew Bible and a few references to the Quran, though Green stressed to reporters this is a museum of the Bible.
Moss also argued that the museum is being billed as a "Christian Smithsonian" which is misleading to visitors, and it's "difficult to say you're a nonsectarian museum and have people signing faith statements," which Green confirms is asked of all members of the museum's board of directors.
Dan Barker, the co-president of the Freedom from Religion Foundation, said the Greens have a "very specific evangelical motive" that they've tried to present as objective.
"When I visit the place I'm going to be looking for signs of proselytizing. If there are none, then I'll applaud that," Barker told ABC News.
Moss and Barker both intend to visit the museum.
"There's been a lot of people that have argued that ... we're going to be proselytizing or be an evangelical view or protestant view," Green said. "I think of a movie reviewer that reviews a movie they've not even seen. So how much credit can you give to someone who's not even been in the museum?"
Professor Christopher Rollston, a George Washington University professor who's an expert on the Old Testament, said "the museum is currently walking a fine line" on being nonsectarian, but noted that they have donors and may have visitors who might expect the museum to push a more religious framework to its exhibits.
"But they're trying to be quite historical in the wordings of the displays that they have," Rollston said, adding that, "They have made it clear that they're willing to listen to scholars' critiques."
"At this point, I'm reasonably pleased with most of the wording in the exhibits and with most of the displays," said Rollston, who's toured the museum in September and November. "…I'm hopeful that the ways in which the museum has been responsive to scholarship is something that will continue. And I'm hoping to that the willingness of the museum to listen doesn't end after the opening."
Rollston said he's going to remain "vigilant" about the museum's exhibits and the display language used to see if it continues to be "historical in nature and not sectarian."
But Rollston pointed out that it's a private museum, so the museum's leaders are going to do as they please.
Green added, "If we wanted to espouse our faith, we could, but we're choosing not to. And so we invite visitors to come in and decide if we've done that job well."
Besides combating the criticism that his museum is evangelical propaganda, Green has had to answer for the $3 million settlement Hobby Lobby paid to the U.S. Justice Department this summer for illegally importing Iraqi artifacts, which his company also forfeited.
Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
"We should have exercised more oversight and carefully questioned how the acquisitions were handled," Green said in a statement at the time.
Green admitted to reporters Tuesday that "mistakes were made early on and we learned from those mistakes," and assured the authenticity of the artifacts in the museum from his collection.
He also argued that acquiring artifacts was a new area for them at the time, they didn't have a lot of expertise and there's liabilities when you import items.
"We've paid the fine. We've moved on. You learn. It's a new area for us. It takes a lot of expertise," Green told ABC News in an interview Tuesday. "We are acquiring and bringing together the best team of experts that we can to help us in that process."
One such piece on display is the Dead Sea Scrolls fragment. A plaque card titled "Are these fragments real? Research continues" accompanies the display and reads "scholarly opinions of their authenticity remain divided."
Rollston, who was a witness in the 2012 Israeli "Epigraphic Forgery Trial," said he has some concerns about the authenticity and provenance, or history of ownership, of some of the Green Collection's artifacts shown in the museum.
But he said he was "particularly pleased" that the museum chose to be "honest" about the scrolls because museums are not generally candid about artifacts potentially being forgeries. Rollston argued that it's important for all museums to display forgeries or potential forgeries so the public is aware it's an issue.
Handout
The nonprofit opened a traveling exhibit "Passages," in 2011 that has been to the Vatican City, Cuba, Israel, and soon after purchased the Washington Design Center for $50 million in 2012 as a home for a permanent museum.
Because the museum is in part a historical building, the museum and its team of 500 to 600 onsite construction workers daily had to be careful in demolition and renovations.
Keeping with their nonsectarian mission, private events can be hosted at the museum with a donation. The events, though, that have been booked almost a year before the museum opened, have the Bible somewhere as the core of their presentation, according to the museum's president's Cary Summers.
"So we haven't figured out all the rules of the game yet. Who do we invite, who don't we," Summers told ABC News. "And we're learning through this pre-opening what has worked well and what hasn't."
Part of the third floor is dedicated to an exhibit, "World of Jesus of Nazareth," that attempts to transport visitors to first century Israel during the time of Jesus Christ.
Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Lorelei Mah and Sammy Mah, two of the founders to the museum, recently returned from a trip to Israel to find that the exhibit "immediately transported us back."
"Close your eyes. Takes you back," Lorelei Mah told ABC News.
The museum also has technology that's never been used anywhere else in the world, according to Summers. "Washington Revelations" is a flight stimulation, Disney-esque amusement ride, pointing out "the Bible's presence in inscriptions, place names and monuments in our nation's capital."
The Bibles of Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Harry Truman and George W. Bush's family Bible are also featured in the museum.
Green said that he hoped that once the museum is open, more individuals and institutions might be inspired to donate or loan artifacts.
However, what Rollston wished the museum focused more attention on is Thomas Jefferson's "The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth," also known as the "Jefferson Bible."
America's third president and one of the nation's founding fathers took from the Gospels of the New Testament but omitted the Bible's miracles, like Jesus' resurrection, to create a piece of work that's a combination of enlightenment thought and Christian beliefs.
Rollston said it's important in a museum about the Bible to highlight the Jefferson Bible because the Enlightenment view of the Bible was the "predominant view of the Founding Fathers" and Jefferson was such an important figure in American history.
The museum also features modern cultural references.
In the museum's Impact of the Bible exhibit, Elvis Presley's Bible is displayed a few steps away from mannequins donning Dolce & Gabbana outfits with religious themes.
Kanye West's "Jesus Walks" and Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" can be heard in the music section for its lyrics' biblical references. The exhibit also has a small science section of bronze statues of George Washington Carver, Galileo Galilei and Isaac Newton as attempt to provide proof science and religion can co-exist.
ABC News
Lee Leibold, who calls himself an "incurable collector," and his wife, Beth, had visited "Passages," the temporary exhibit which Hobby Lobby opened in Oklahoma City back in 2011.
Hearing of Green's intent to build a permanent Museum of the Bible, Lee wanted to find something he could collect and contribute.
He donated two pieces: Woodrow Wilson's personal church pew when he became president and the original letter written on White House stationery signed by Wilson that accompanied each of the one million New Testaments given to World War I soldiers.
ABC News
While the church pew is not on display, as Lee was told it would be featured in traveling exhibits, visitors can see the original letter from the president that urges American soldiers to read their personal pocket Bibles.
"The Bible is the Word of Life. I beg that you will read it and find this out for yourselves, read — not little snatches here and there — but long passages that will really be the road to the heart of it," Wilson's message reads.
On Tuesday, Lee and Beth traveled from Texas to tour the museum, excited to see Wilson's letter displayed.
Stepping into the museum as "very moving and a little overwhelming" and was pleased that the museum incorporated the Hebrew Bible, Beth Leibold said.
"It's open to everybody to get a really unique perspective, whatever their viewpoints are and [to] learn," she said as she toured the "Impact of the Bible" exhibits.
African-American men serve longer sentences than white men for the same crime, a new study by the U.S Sentencing Commission shows.
The commission's analysis of demographic prison data from 2012 to 2016 found that black men serve sentences that are on average 19.1 percent longer than those for white men for similar crimes.
The racial disparity in sentencing can't be accounted for by whether an offender has a history of violence, according to the study by the commission, an independent bipartisan agency that is part of the U.S. federal judiciary branch.
"Violence in an offender's criminal history does not appear to contribute to the sentence imposed" except as it may factor into a score under sentencing guidelines, the study said.
Black male offenders received longer sentences than similarly situated white male offenders (on average 19.1 percent longer). https://t.co/0HljB6PD1R pic.twitter.com/KcJEfyGAhc — SentencingCommission (@TheUSSCgov) November 14, 2017
When accounting for violence in an offender's past, black men received sentences that were on average 20.4 percent longer than that of white men, according to the commission's analysis of fiscal year 2016 data, the only year for which such data is available.
The new study updates an earlier commission report in 2012, known as the Booker report, that came after a Supreme Court decision in 2005, United States vs. Booker, which permitted judges to enhance an offender's sentence based on "facts" determined by their own judgment. Before then, federal judges were only allowed to sentence an offender based on guidelines provided by the sentencing commission
According to the non-profit organization, The Sentencing Project, the U.S. is the world's leader in incarceration, with 2.2 million people in prison as of 2015, a 500 percent increase over the last 40 years.
The Sentencing Project also found that black men are nearly six times as likely as white men to be incarcerated, and Hispanic men are 2.3 times as likely. For black men in their 30s, one in every 10 is in prison or jail on any given day, according to 2015 data cited by the organization.
Jay-Z has penned an op-ed for The New York Times condemning rapper Meek Mill's two- to four-year prison sentence for violating probation.
In his opinion piece, titled "The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill," Jay-Z argues that Meek Mill's sentence stemming from a nearly decade-old drug and gun charge points to a far larger problem.
"What's happening to Meek Mill is just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day," Jay-Z wrote.
Matt Rourke/AP
According to the Associated Press , Mill, 30, had been on probation for nearly a decade in the drug and gun case.
The AP also reported that although the prosecutor asked for no prison time, Common Pleas Judge Genece Brinkley ruled that the rapper did not clean up his act when he had the opportunity to do so. Mill's attorney said he will appeal the decision, according to the AP.
"I've been trying to help you since 2009," Judge Brinkely said, citing a failed drug test, failure to comply with a court order restricting his travel and two other unrelated arrests, the AP reported. "You basically thumbed your nose at me."
Ari Perilstein/Getty Images
"I may have made a mistake but I never had the intention of disrespecting you," Meek Mill reportedly responded.
Jay-Z, 47, noted in his op-ed that Mill was about 19 years old when he was convicted for drug and gun possession, and served an eight-month sentence.
"Now he's 30, so he has been on probation for basically his entire adult life," Jay-Z wrote. "For about a decade, he's been stalked by a system that considers the slightest infraction a justification for locking him back inside."
The rapper took special aim at the probation system.
"Probation is a trap and we must fight for Meek and everyone else unjustly sent to prison," Jay-Z wrote. "It's time we highlight the random ways people trapped in the criminal justice system are punished every day. The system treats them as a danger to society, consistently monitors and follows them for any minor infraction — with the goal of putting them back in prison."
"Instead of a second chance, probation ends up being a land mine, with a random misstep bringing consequences great than the crime. A person on probation can end up in jail over a technical violation like missing a curfew," he wrote.
The rapper, whose company Roc Nation represents Meek Mill, also asserted that the musician's prison sentence will cost taxpayers in Philadelphia without providing them with a service.
"I bet none of them would tell you his imprisonment is helping to keep them safer," he wrote.
Earlier this week, hundreds of protesters gathered outside Philadelphia's Criminal Justice Center to call for Meek Mill's prison sentence on probation violations to be overturned.
Rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers legend Julius Erving both showed up to speak at the event.
As more restrictions are placed on gun ownership, more people -- and criminals -- could start to manufacture their own, law enforcement experts tell ABC News.
The issue of "ghost guns" or guns without serial numbers has been thrust into the national spotlight after California authorities revealed that the man who engaged in a string of shootings earlier this week that left five dead had two firearms that he manufactured at home.
Tehama County Assistant Sheriff Phil Johnston told reporters in a press conference Wednesday afternoon that the two semi-automatic rifles with multi-round clips that gunman Kevin Neal was armed with were illegally manufactured at his home and were not registered.
Tehama County Sheriff via AP
Neal was out on bail on an assault charge he was arrested for in January, and his family said he suffered from a history of mental health issues, such as paranoia. But he was able to find a workaround of a court order that prohibited him from having guns by making them himself, The Associated Press reported.
Johnston said that as gun laws become more restrictive, criminals will begin to build their own. ABC News consultants, former NYPD Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and former FBI agent Steve Gomez, said they agree with him.
People are already building firearms or modifying existing firearms in an "unlicensed and illegal manner," Gomez said.
"If lawmakers took steps to make the gun laws more restrictive, those unlicensed home-made firearms would be highly sought after by people and criminals who do not care to comply with the law," Gomez said.
These guns are almost impossible to trace, experts say. Tracing the parts of a homemade firearm could be difficult if there are no serial numbers or registered identifiers designated for those parts, Gomez said.
"That typically is the objective of the manufacturer and end user of the [homemade] firearm -- to produce and own a gun that is untraceable by the authorities," Gomez said.
The tagline for the site ghostguns.com includes the words "unserialized" and "unregistered," while a description says the company "specializes in unregistered weapons build."
Ghost guns pose a threat to society because if someone exhibits behavior indicating the potential to commit violence, law enforcement will not be able to determine if the person possesses a firearm and determine whether he or she has the capability to act out on those violent tendencies, Gomez said.
"Without the ability to check a database to determine if a potentially violent person possesses a firearm, law enforcement may have a more difficult time determining if a person poses a threat to the public, unless provided with specific facts that would justify an investigation and/or enforcement action," Gomez said.
Jae C. Hong/AP
Civilians and especially cops should be worried about ghost guns, Kelly said. When responding to a call, there could be "no record that anyone there has a gun." Although, the same case could be made for illegal guns, too, Kelly added.
In addition, unregulated guns may be unsafe and pose a hazard to the user and the surrounding public because they do not meet the same operating standards of regulated firearms, Gomez said.
In order to attempt to trace ghost guns, authorities can look at monitoring or even regulating materials that may be used to build a homemade firearm in the same manner that they use to closely monitor ingredients that can be used to make explosives, Gomez said.
"However, even with increased monitoring and regulations, those individuals intent on having and using an unlicensed and illegal firearm will always seek other alternatives," Gomez said. "Its law enforcement's job, along with the public's help, to anticipate and respond to those alternatives that can lead to a violent incident as we saw in Tehama County."
Jae C. Hong/AP
While Kelly agrees that ghost guns are a "problem," he said he does not believe that lawmakers are currently in an environment to place regulations on gun parts.
"I don't think we're going to get legislation anytime soon that would effectively stop the shipment of ghost weapons," Kelly said.
Lawmakers, law enforcement and mental health professionals must consider implementing procedures to properly integrate information about someone who has the potential to commit violence, which could lead to "a swift and appropriate" response by authorities, Gomez said. This could be done for someone who has a history of violence, exhibits mental health issues or is threatening someone, especially if that person has access to a firearm that can be used to commit a violent act, he added.
"Detection and prevention should always be the goal," Gomez said.
But, since "there's not even an adequate database in regards to mental health issues," Kelly said he does not believe it is "feasible" to keep gun parts away from people who suffer from mental health problems, especially if they have not been adjudicated to having them.
"I don't see an answer to it," Kelly said.
For months, Kiera Walker grappled with the decision of how and when to come out as a transgender woman to her fellow members of the Coast Guard. She had served in the Guard's Duluth, Minnesota, station for about two and a half years, but her colleagues had known her only as Kieran, the male gender marker she used when she signed up for the Coast Guard Reserve years before.
Interested in ABC News Features? Add ABC News Features as an interest to stay up to date on the latest ABC News Features news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Walker says she spoke with her superior and had his blessing before making an announcement to her colleagues during an all-hands meeting in July. It was "nerve wracking," she said. Her wife, Brandie Walker, stood off to the side for support.
After Kiera Walker came out to the group as a trans woman, "There was a line to come over and shake my hand and tell me how courageous and brave it was to do that and how they're supportive," she told ABC News.
Her relief at being accepted was short lived, however. Exactly two weeks later, on July 26, President Donald Trump sent Walker and her family into a tailspin with three short tweets announcing a ban on transgender individuals serving in any capacity in the U.S. military.
"I remember that day very clearly, very vividly," Brandie Walker told ABC News. "I happened to be scrolling on Facebook, and that was the first thing that popped up on my newsfeed, and I went, 'This has to be fake.'"
Evan Simon/ABC News
Military leaders worked quickly to assuage some of their service members' concerns without directly contradicting Trump. Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, issued his own guidance the next day, saying there would be no immediate changes until further instructions were handed down from the president. "In the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect," Dunford said at the time.
The Coast Guard is the only branch of the military that falls under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security, as opposed to the Department of Defense. While the Guard largely ends up following the same policies, Adm. Paul Zukunft, the commandant of the Coast Guard, also spoke out in support of transgender service members in the wake of the tweets.
Zukunft said that after the tweets, he reached out to all 13 openly transgender members of the Coast Guard and referred to a conversation he had with Lt. Taylor Miller at a Center for Strategic and International Studies event in Washington on Aug. 1.
"Taylor's family has disowned her. Her family is the United States Coast Guard. And I told Taylor, 'I will not turn my back. We have made an investment in you, and you have made an investment in the Coast Guard, and I will not break faith,'" Zukunft said during the event.
After the White House sent a memo to the Department of Defense directing officials to come up with an implementation plan for the proposed ban, Secretary of Defense James Mattis told transgender service members to "hold the line."
"And so on the one hand, you want as many Americans to serve as possible. On the other hand, the effectiveness and lethality and deployability of the military. Those bookends exist," Mattis said while talking to reporters on Aug. 29.
In spite of those reassurances, Trump's tweets have had a real, immediate impact for the Walkers and other military families like them, who are now living in fear and uncertainty while the military's transgender policy is under review.
"Right away, I was terrified, because I knew that being in the Coast Guard is one thing that Kiera loved," Brandie Walker said. "She loved it as [Kieran], and she loves it as Kiera. And I don't want that taken from her. I don't want anything unhappy or disrupting our family at all, whatsoever. Who does?"
The tweets prompted a number of service members to come forward and publicly share their outrage. That was the case for Sterling Crutcher, an Air Force airman first class and munitions technician based in Bossier City, Louisiana, who wrote a Facebook post on July 26 that went viral.
"I have fought and work hard to prove my worth, not only in the military but in everyday life," he wrote. "My life shall be an example of truth."
Evan Simon/ABC News
Crutcher told ABC News he joined the Air Force because he wanted to serve like any other person, saying that people join because "they have a desire to want to do something for their country or something far greater than themselves."
"My purpose for joining the military wasn't to get anything free out of it," he said.
The 'principles' behind the purse strings
In declaring that transgender people would no longer be able to serve in the armed forces, Trump cited the "tremendous medical costs" for trans service members as part of his rationale for the ban.
Brad Carson, an acting undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness during the Obama administration, was part of the team that helped lift the ban on transgender military service members. He said that in the context of the overall military budget, the cost of covering whatever treatments are required for transgender service members is insignificant.
The best estimate of how many service members are transgender comes from a 2016 Rand Corp. study, which says that 1,320 to 6,630 of the 1.3 million active duty service members may be transgender.
"We spend about $50 billion a year, and so you're talking about one-tenth of 1 percent of the entire budget," Carson told ABC News. "We spend a lot more on erectile dysfunction drugs than we are going to ever do on transgender medical care. And so the costs are just insignificant."
Tom Spoehr, the director of the Center for National Defense at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, told ABC News he thinks that there should be a pause in the recruitment of transgender service members and that the status of those already serving should be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
As for the questions about the cost of transgender service members' health care, he said the issue comes down to the "principles" behind the spending, not the spending itself.
"It's not an extraordinary amount of money compared to the medical budget of the Department of Defense," Spoehr told ABC News. "Having said that, I think most people's concern is along these lines of the principles of paying for sex reassignment surgery and the pharmacological treatments that go along with those."
"Some people believe that might be elective in nature and probably should be paid by individuals, not the United States government," Spoehr added.
Evan Simon/ABC News
Treatment plans vary for transgender individuals, depending on what they and their doctors decide is needed. Kiera Walker said that she is six months into hormone replacement therapy, which is covered by her military health insurance, and it has made a radical improvement in her life and well-being.
She compared not receiving hormone therapy to "trying to tread water with weights attached to your feet."
Walker estimated that if her military-issued insurance did not cover her hormone therapy, she would need to pay roughly $200 per month, which would be a "huge burden" financially on her family, she said.
A question of deployability
Critics opposed to allowing transgender individuals to serve in the military, including some conservative groups and members of Congress, have pointed to the fact that transgender people receiving certain medical treatments are not eligible to be deployed. In military terms, in order for service members to qualify as deployable, they must be able to be away from their home military base — and any medical professionals based there — for 90 days.
According to a 2016 Rand study that evaluated the viability of lifting the ban on transgender service members before the Obama administration made its announcement, there would be no estimated nondeployable days for individuals solely going through hormone replacement therapy, but the analysis acknowledged that every case is different.
However, estimates for transition-related surgeries vary from 75 nondeployable days for chest surgery to up to 135 nondeployable days for genital surgery. The Rand study notes that individuals can seek multiple treatments at the same time and therefore their recovery periods could overlap.
Evan Simon/ABC News
Walker said that her transition plan spans 18 months and during that time she is classified as nondeployable for more than 30 days.
Crutcher was midtransition when he was deployed to Qatar in 2016 as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, where, he said, he and his team "were building up munitions and bombs and flares, and it was actually going towards something. It wasn't just a training mission. They were going after ISIS."
Though he said he was open with his doctors and superiors about the fact that he was taking an injectable hormone before he was deployed, he said he was sent back to the U.S. early after a superior in Qatar learned of it. At the time of Crutcher's deployment, the ban on transgender service members' serving openly had recently been lifted.
"I was sent back early because there was some complications with the new policy coming out and being that I had just come out [as] transgender," Crutcher said. "They weren't 100 percent positive that they had the medical capabilities in case something happened from me being there."
The airman said he was disappointed to leave his deployment early.
"I had recommendations from my squad commander, my supervisor and my peers. They all said I was doing a great job and there was no reason that they saw that I needed to leave. But it wasn't up to them, at the end of the day," Crutcher said.
That experience left him determined to get back into the field.
"I'm going to work harder so I can get deployed again so I can fulfill my job and stay for an entire deployment. And really prove to them that I can do this," he said.
Evan Simon/ABC News
'They're in a purgatory'
Aside from concerns about medical costs and deployability, there is the larger question of whether transgender service members will be able to serve at all past the first few months of 2018.
On Aug. 25, the White House issued a presidential memorandum giving Defense Secretary Mattis until Feb. 21, 2018, to come up with a plan "to return to the longstanding policy and practice" that barred openly transgender service members from serving in the military.
That memorandum ends the funding of sex reassignment surgery by March 23, 2018, except when it is necessary to protect the health of someone "who has already begun a course of treatment to reassign his or her sex."
"They have a common phrase in the military: never write down anything in pen. Why? Because everything is constantly changing," Aimee Crutcher, Sterling Crutcher's wife, told ABC News.
Some are fighting back, however, including LGBTQ advocacy group Lambda Legal, which has filed a lawsuit fighting the Trump administration's plan to reinstate the transgender ban.
Lambda Legal staff attorney Sasha Buchert is a veteran of the Marines and a transgender woman. She told ABC News that it will be difficult for the administration to justify revoking the Obama-era policy that allows trans people to serve.
"There is no legal precedent for what the Trump administration is trying to do in this case," she said. "You don't provide protections and security for a vulnerable population and allow them to serve openly, as they've done for over a year and a half, and then just strip it away."
A number of legal efforts to prevent a reinstatement of the ban are underway, and in late October a federal court judge temporarily blocked some portions of the August presidential memorandum, including Trump's move to bar recruiting transgender individuals for the military.
ABC News reached out to the Department of Justice about the recent preliminary injunction blocking part of the proposed ban.
"We disagree with the court's ruling and are currently evaluating the next steps," the Department of Justice told ABC News in a statement, adding that the Department of Defense "is actively reviewing" Trump's order to ban transgender service members.
Carson, the former Obama administration official, said transgender service members are stuck in limbo.
"They're in a purgatory, you know, waiting to see what the judgment's going to be," he said, adding that he thinks the uncertainty could continue through future administrations.
"Even if the policy's put back in place, for example, so you can serve openly or we have a new president come into power in a few years who lifts the ban that perhaps President Trump puts back in place, you know, is it going to last? Is it going to just change every election cycle?" Carson said.
Evan Simon/ABC News
As for the Walker and the Crutcher families, that state of limbo has led to a lot of anxiety already.
Brandie Walker said that she's now "always nervous about everything," and Sterling Crutcher has gone so far as to start a second job, working as a food delivery driver for a local restaurant, to save up money "in case things don't go our way and my wife and I have to find a new home and find a new place to go," he said.
It has also put in jeopardy the Crutchers' plans to start a family.
"Before the policy changed, we had big plans. He was going to go to officer school to further his career, further what he was doing here in the Air Force. We were going to start a family next year. It's all I want," Aimee Crutcher said.
"I didn't want to believe that a tweet had that much weight on our life," she added. "I told my husband, 'Don't worry. It's just a tweet.' I think we both knew deep down it was going to become more than that."
ABC News' Evan Simon and Jason Kurtis contributed to this report.
Colorado gun shop owner Mel Bernstein became casually known as the "most armed man in America" after acquiring thousands of high-powered weapons, bazookas and machine guns.
His firearms collection dwarfs the number of guns -- 47 -- allegedly found in the Las Vegas hotel suite and two homes of mass shooter Stephen Paddock, for instance, but the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) is unable to confirm whether Bernstein has amassed more weapons than any other U. S. gun owner.
"ATF cannot quantify who possesses the most firearms in America because there is no database to reference this information," an ATF representative wrote in response to an inquiry from ABC News. "A firearm registry or database of individuals who own firearms regulated under the Gun Control Act (GCA) does not exist."
ABC News
In addition to selling the kind of guns used in the Sutherland Texas, Las Vegas and Columbine High School shootings, Bernstein said, his gun shop sold out of bump stocks shortly after the Vegas massacre that left 58 people dead and over 500 injured. Paddock allegedly modified 12 of his rifles with bump stocks, an attachment that enables a semiautomatic rifle to fire hundreds of shots per minute.
"They were only $185," Bernstein said. "In two days [after the Oct. 1 Vegas attack], we sold all of them."
His supply of eight bump stocks had previously been sitting on the shelf for eight months, he said.
"Whatever the killer used, that's what they want," Bernstein, 71, said of his customers. "They want to feel the firepower. They want to have the gun just like that to show people."
ABC News
Bernstein says he has amassed over 4,000 weapons at his Colorado Springs compound, where he also keeps military-style vehicles. The weapons are registered in his name, he says, and he also rents and sells machine guns to his customers.
His gun shop, six shooting ranges, military museum, paintball park, motorcross park and home are located on the 260-acre property known as Dragonland.
"We've been selling more guns in the last three weeks than we have in the last eight months," Bernstein said of his firearms shop called Dragonmans.
As for gun ownership in general, about 3 percent of Americans own about half the country's 265 million guns, according to a 2016 Harvard-Northeastern survey. Such "super owners" possess an average of 17 guns each, and an estimated 133 million guns in total.
Bernstein has signs along his mile-long driveway threatening "gang bangers" and "registered Democrats" from stepping onto his property. Bullet-riddled cars and mannequins covered in fake blood serve as a warning to potential trespassers.
"If anybody comes on your property and threatens you with bodily harm, it's legal to shoot them, [according to] Colorado law," Bernstein said as he drove toward his one-story house in which he keeps M16s, sawed-off shotguns, and multiple handguns around his bed.
ABC News
In August, four people used Bernstein's truck to smash into the Dragonmans gun store and steal 84 guns, police said. Federal authorities have since arrested four suspects, including his stepdaughter and step-grandson, who now face felony charges in connection to the theft of firearms from a federal firearms licensee. They have not entered pleas.
Despite all the weapons and warnings, Bernstein says no one has ever been killed or even injured on his property. With one profound exception.
In 2012, his wife, Terry Flanell, 51, was accidentally killed by a smoke bomb on the property while filming a reality-TV pilot for the Discovery Channel.
"One of the smoke containers turned into a rocket and went right past me and through her and killed her," Bernstein said
Now, his home -- decorated with jukeboxes, vintage Cola-Cola memorabilia and model cars -- reminds him of a bygone era.
Bernstein also keeps four female mannequins at the home. "I need someone to talk to, to tell them my problems," Bernstein said.
He added: "This whole house fixed up like this puts me back in my era, back in the sixties where I belong."
One of my favorite things to do with my children is to read to them.
A few years ago, the bedtime book was "Wonder," and it was hands-down one of the best books we read together. So, a few years later when my mother forwarded me an email from a member of her book club, I took notice. "Has Elizabeth heard of the book 'Wonder?'" the email read. "If so, I have the real-life wonder boy in my class." I jumped for the phone.
We made contact with the Newman family, living in Reno, Nevada, and spent the next two and a half years following Russ and Magda and their sons Nathaniel and Jacob. Nathaniel, now 13, had been born with a severe case of Treacher Collins syndrome. It's a genetic condition that radically affects the bones in Nathaniel's face. Russ and Magda were shocked when Nathaniel was born - they had no warning anything was wrong.
Sean Dooley/ABC
Watch the full story on "20/20" TONIGHT at 10 p.m. ET.
They are incredibly brave people, who have been through so much. But they made a pledge to each other, and to Nathaniel, that they would not hide him from the world, or the world from him, and they allowed my producers and me to follow them for more than two years. We were along with him on his first day of middle school, where students had all gotten a letter from Nathaniel explaining his condition, along with a picture, so they could prepare themselves.
We were along when the family met a man with this rare condition, who was able to explain what Nathaniel will probably face in his teenage years. And we and our cameras were there when the Newmans decided to try a risky and revolutionary surgery that might allow Nathaniel to breath without a trach tube in his throat. Magda Newman calls the surgery barbaric, and honestly it was. But no one was braver than Nathaniel, who chose to take the risk.
Shadowing a family like this for as long as we did with our cameras is a delicate thing. We assigned one of our best producer/shooters for this, Jeff Schneider. After the first few hours of recording, he was able to make the Newmans so comfortable, they could almost forget he was there. We captured some truly intimate moments with this family - the worry about how other kids would treat their son, the anguish as they carried him into the operating room for yet another surgery. My producers, Sean Dooley and Jen Joseph, and I all became very close to the Newmans. They are remarkably candid about their most difficult moments, about their worries and their fears. I interviewed them almost half a dozen times over the two years.
Getting to know Nathaniel was wonderful. He is a sensitive boy, but so very strong. He was four years old when he first realized he looked different. Sometimes, he told me, in moments of pure joy, he can forget for a moment what his face looks like. But he knows he will always look this way, no surgery can correct it, and that there will people who will at times be cruel.
But one thing has made life easier for Nathaniel: the book "Wonder," by RJ Palacio. Russ Newman says that book has done more than anything in the world to ease the way for children like his son. The Newmans could not believe the story when they read it. It is their story. As Russ told me, "Was RJ spying on us?" RJ likewise told me that when she met Nathaniel, she exclaimed, "It's Auggie Pullman come to life." It really stretches credulity, the similarities between art and life are so strong.
We interviewed RJ about how she got the idea for the book, and how she never expected it to be the phenomenon it has become: Five million copies sold around the world, translated into 45 languages, and now a blockbuster movie.
If the book has eased the way a bit for Nathaniel and other children like him, we hope our hour Friday night will do the same. It is so much easier to be humane, to be kind, when the person in front of you is someone you know. We are excited to introduce our viewers to Nathaniel, and the Newman Family.
Starting at a new school with new classmates can be a daunting task for most children. But for Nathaniel Newman, the first day of middle school was extra intimidating, because he's not like most kids.
Nathaniel was born with Treacher Collins syndrome, an extremely rare craniofacial disorder caused by mutations in the POLR1C gene. It affects an estimated 1 in 50,000 people in the United States.
In the first year of his life, Nathaniel had more than 10 surgeries because of the malformations in his face. But despite the hardships he's faced so far in his short life, Nathaniel said he "kind of" likes being different.
"I know everyone looks different, except I look a lot more different than everyone else," Nathaniel, 13, told ABC News' Elizabeth Vargas.
The Newman Family
"I kind of like it," Nathaniel added. "It just seems fun 'cause I stand out."
So in the fall of 2015, when Nathaniel was about to attend his first day of sixth grade at B.D. Billinghurst Middle School in Reno, Nevada, his parents Magda and Russel Newman had a plan to ease his transition.
"Russel and Nathaniel sit down and write a letter," Magda Newman told "20/20."
"My name is Nathaniel Newman, and I am 12 years old. I am different. I don't want you to be surprised when we meet," part of the letter read. "I have three dogs. I like 'Pokémon' a lot, as well as 'Star Wars.' I really just want you to treat me like everyone else."
The letter included a photo of Nathaniel, as well as a mention of the bestselling children's book "Wonder."
"Like, 'Hey, you might have read "Wonder" now. Well, I'm a kid just like Auggie Pullman,'" Russel Newman recalled of the letter.
"Wonder" tells the story of the fictional character 10-year-old Auggie Pullman, who was born with a facial difference -- much like Treacher Collins.
While "Wonder" isn't based on real people, its author R.J. Palacio says she was inspired to write it by a chance encounter she had with a young girl while she was at an ice cream shop with her two sons.
ABC News
"I realized that there was a little girl sitting directly next to me," Palacio told "20/20." "She had a very severe cranial facial difference, and I kind of panicked 'cause my little boy started to cry hysterically."
In her haste to protect the girl from her son's reaction, Palacio said, she turned the stroller around and started quickly pushing it away.
"It was terrible, and I was so mad at myself for the way that I handled it," Palacio said. "For the rest of the day, I just kept thinking about all the things I wished I'd said and done."
Palacio started writing with the hope that her story could inspire parents and children alike.
"I just thought, 'OK, I'm going to write a book, and it's going to be about what it must be like to face a world every day that doesn't know how to face you back,'" Palacio said.
The Newman Family
When the book came out in 2012, nurse Pat Chibbaro, who worked with the Newman family, read it and immediately told the Newmans about it.
"I literally read it in three hours, cried the whole time," Russel Newman said. "I remember calling back Pat and going, 'Pat, did she spy on us? Like, this is freaky.'"
Russel and Magda Newman and their sons Nathaniel and Jacob got to meet Palacio face to face. "And when she saw Nathaniel, you could just see this look in her face," Russel Newman recalled.
"I remember thinking, 'Oh my goodness, this is Auggie Pullman come to life,'" Palacio said.
Watch the full story on ABC News' "20/20" TONIGHT at 10 p.m. ET.
Supermodel Gigi Hadid said Friday she will not be walking the Victoria's Secret fashion show in Shanghai next week, a few months after Chinese internet users accused her of racist behavior.
Hadid said in a post on her Twitter account: "I'm so bummed I won't be able to make it to China this year. Love my VS family, and will be with all my girls in spirit!!"
Hadid did not give a reason and Victoria's Secret refused to comment on the issue.
"Victoria's Secret will not have a response," a spokeswoman said by email.
The surprise exit comes months after a video of Hadid triggered an outpouring of criticism on Chinese social networks. It showed Hadid squinting in a way that appeared to be a reference to a stereotype about Asian facial features.
Hadid responded by apologizing in September on China's popular Twitter-like microblog site, Weibo. "I have learned to be very careful of how my actions can come off or be portrayed, and I'm hopeful you'll accept my apology," the post said.
It was not immediately clear whether Hadid had been denied a visa. Asked about this at a regular briefing, a spokesman for China's foreign ministry said he was unclear about the issue.
It is not uncommon for entertainers and performers to be denied visas by Chinese authorities for political reasons.
Most recently, as tensions rose between China and South Korea over a U.S. missile defense system, some K-pop and K-drama stars had to cancel widely anticipated visits to China due to visa delays.
South Korean actor Ha Jung Woo could not get a visa needed for a movie project with China called "The Mask," starring Chinese actress Zhang Ziyi.
Victoria Arlen is just 23 years old and has already checked some major goals off her bucket list, including being a contestant on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars."
Interested in DWTS? Add DWTS as an interest to stay up to date on the latest DWTS news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Before Arlen's elimination earlier this week with her pro partner Val Chmerkovskiy, the dancing duo performed the Charleston and completed a contemporary routine that was dedicated to her parents.
They finished the latter performance with a score of 27, but failed to advance past the semifinals.
Eric McCandless/ABC
Arlen and Chmerkovskiy recently spoke with ABC News about their time on "Dancing with the Stars." Arlen said her time as an Olympic athlete contributed to her success on the show.
"My swim coach was very tough on me and I respond well to that training... being pushed to my limit," Arlen said, discussing how Chmerkovskiy pushed her to perfect her dance routine.
Arlen dedicated a lot of time -- approximately four to five hours a day -- to learning her new craft. She said she took the discipline that she had as an athlete and applied it to dancing.
She said she always looks to perform at the highest possible level and "when [she doesn't] meet that goal, it's devastating."
Arlen developed a competitive spirit early. When she was 11, she was diagnosed with transverse myelitis and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, which took away her ability to speak, eat and walk for years.
After a miraculous recovery, she won a gold medal in swimming at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and was hired by ESPN as an on-air talent before joining "Dancing With the Stars."
Chmerkovskiy quickly realized that Arlen was an athletic dancer with a commitment to excellence.
"Athletes don't take the process personally, and that makes it awesome ... they're coachable," he said. "Their competitive nature was secondary to their humility and them as people."
Chmerkovskiy also praised Arlen's character.
"This is the next million-dollar baby story," he said. "There's an Oscar in her future."
Arlen told ABC News she is open to whatever opportunity life presents next, whether or not that includes dancing. Next year, she will check off another box off her bucket list when her new book is published.
Buckingham Palace has released a new photograph to celebrate Queen Elizabeth's 70th wedding anniversary to Prince Philip on November 20.
Matt Holyoak/CameraPress/PA Wire/Handout via Reuters
Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip were photographed by Matt Hollyoak in the White Drawing Room at Windsor Castle in early November.
The couple will mark their platinum wedding anniversary privately with their children and grandchildren on Monday for a special toast and dinner celebration at Windsor Castle. The guest list includes Prince Charles and Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate and Prince Harry.
In 2015, Queen Elizabeth became the country's longest reigning monarch, surpassing Queen Victoria, and in February 2016 she became the first monarch to celebrate her sapphire jubilee, commemorating 65 years on the throne.
Prince Philip retired from public duties earlier this year, but is still seen at the queen's side, and he joined her just last week as the nation paid respect to military heroes for Remembrance Sunday activities.
Queen Elizabeth paid tribute to her husband on her golden wedding anniversary, celebrating 50 years together.
"He is someone who doesn't take easily to compliments but he has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years, and I, and his whole family, and this and many other countries, owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim, or we shall ever know," she said.
At 1 p.m. on Monday the bells at Westminster Abbey, where the couple were wed, will toll to mark the milestone.
Transcript for Actor Armie Hammer shares the insane story of his parents' real life 'meet cute'
I'm going to talk so bear with me a second. You're writing the case and do find their origins in Greek words however in the case of apricot it's a more complicated journey. Ah, how so. The Greek takes over from the Latin the Lann being. Or To be precocious or premature. Oh, my god. It's a thriller. A lot of buzz. Yeah. I know you're superstitious too. Expectations are the root of all suffering so don't even think about it. I watched it last night. It is so or 'tis tick. Thank you. It is so beautifully shot and the story line and all the characters and that. And it's about young love. I don't want to give away too much. First love. And talk about speaking of that, I love the story of how your parents -- is there oh, yeah. -- Met. Talk about love. Funny story. My dad was on a business trip and he was flying from somewhere in Texas to somewhere in Oklahoma or vice versa. And he got to the airport and decided that he should go to the bar and have a drink which led to another drink which led to another drink which led to him passing out at the bar and missing his flight. I thought it would be a sweet story. It gets there. It's a real me cute. He wakes up, oh, my god I missed my flight. I'm going to get fired. I'll take any airline it was a little airline called muse air. Which doesn't exist and gets on the pane a bigger guy and put him in a middle seat and just like starts to get kind of claustrophobic and says I'm so sorry. Anyone around me willing to switch seats. I'll buy you a drink and person right next to my mom switched seats and he ended up sitting tex to my mom and they ended up spending the entire flight talking and I mean chemistry and hit it off whole thing and then
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A well-preserved issue of the 1938 comic book that first featured Superman is heading to the auction block.
Profiles in History announced Friday that it will sell a copy of Action Comics #1 at a Dec. 19 auction in Los Angeles. The comic, which features Superman hoisting a car over his head on its cover, is expected to sell for between $800,000 to $1.2 million.
The auction house says the comic is in its original condition and has been rated in fine/very fine condition.
The sale comes a few months before the 80th anniversary of Superman's debut.
The auction features other Superman memorabilia, including a costume worn by actor Christopher Reeve in 1983's "Superman III."
The Man of Steel is back on the big screen this week in "Justice League."
Transcript for What happened to the child star from 'Big Daddy'
Calm down. RG premier just became a police state records he was disturbance of the ones you can do. Turbines don't kill that stuff. The police do some toner McCoy to act on him cooling. And quiet he just rest and all my friends for no reason. You can't get any Winamp thank you. I'm sorry but what happened and how it happened as for baby. You shouldn't be talked. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers and welcome to popcorn when we tell you with pop in in the culture. And if you're not watching TW and the team Riverdale and you shouldn't even talk to me. I just. I'm a fast and I admit it. I have no shame because this. Has been described as Archie meets twin peaks. And I guess it's a little bit of that it so much more but my guess today colts brass and pleas judge Ed Jones hello. I don't think you're the area. Just wait how about how would and expert. A local a welcome and a lack gotten some sailors returning that's right. Hello well I've been at sea wrestled long doing. That it. I understand. That despite the fact that I just did human intro in the tenth how to rip it you just go when you were offered. The part you said lacked. Now it's like. I thought it was like not something you wanted to do. No no I I was ecstatic I mean debt ya auditioning process was was grueling but. It was mainly I. Once once I was offered the part that was over them and but I was having a dilemma of who. Whether I wanted to return to acting and all because I was coming from this sort of agency lists childhood career in. I'd never made the choice to go to acting and so as a child and actors. Or is a child actor you you have a complicated relationship with. One your finances. But. How to look at the industry as something. More or less than an art form. And my relationship and acting by the time I graduated college was. Like that of an old lover. And see if I was to return to. This kind of ministry it had to be an interest in project and had to be something fun and it had to be. Romantic. One of the things I love about judge so much is that he's a characters on the outside and we get to watch what's happening. On Riverdale almost threw his size teacher is an aspect of care he's done. And our story continues. You know to do that but I had heard and you can disabuse me of on this that you were first auditioning for Archie or they wanted you to. Play guard and sent the audition for Archie. And I had read one of the auditioning scenes the editing scenes and it was. He was talking it was his best friend Doug. I had a falling out with and I really love the character that I requested that the side sides project and I found out he was the narrator which I also really enjoyed. On it was because I can control everything. Right it was a power. Let's just get was like I gotta let this gets in my head right now. No it it was mainly because I didn't know how active role he was actually going to be in the show. And we had only been sent the pilot we didn't know what the rest of the season look like so it was kind of iffy as to whether. He was even going to be you're more active part of which we I I thought he was just gonna keep his distance from the rest of the of the characters in the town and simply narrate his experience as this kind of outsider. And for me and us returning acting I had. About was the AG a comfortable place to be here because I didn't necessarily have to be a fully active participant of this world while simultaneously being consistent present force. So for whatever I islands. Having a dialogue about at the time I I thought this was the most appropriate choice. Project intend there are some meaning specific things that people who read the comics to do that you need to being. Right I think he's got a kid is counted in arguably the greatest departure from the characters in the guy he's. We all are now and as that seasons go on we all make increase departures from those characters but. Judge had was. Judge get in the digest is is kind of like an imaginary friend. I mean he's he's almost not. He's he's almost not real to the town he's so calm neck. It's almost. It's it's it's almost like vaudeville I mean he's he's eating all the time he's just the goofy punch line he's kind of the button of the scene. Eating every gains a pound never gains of pan right he's he was kind of the Stoner friends that different and that same Shaq had yet seem wimpy from Popeye and what that error was doing his ranking out of the characters. But they're not so much in fashion anymore. So we had the firings well robredo was tasked the planet we need to care to relevant and modern and ands and his his crown as kind of a representation. Of awaits news to modernize that to an audience could understand it and I just a little more. Well how is jagged like you we're not like you. I think I see a lot of myself. As a teenager especially when bombs going through puberty and a lot I had considered myself and a I was very cringe I was very and it. You know but I was fascinated with this paella and it is kind of narcissistic thing about ID. Wanted to exclude myself from the people around me not only because I was working in a sound stage at the time but. Because it fascinated this idea of me being entirely unique which is another conversation coming from an identical plan but. It fascinated this idea that I was this this kind of entirely unique figure in this otherwise larger. Social context. I think a lot of us. Within the US grow up with that I understanding especially teenage years we find ways this. And emphasizing that in and employing and we. That was me and that's jug head as well judge it is. This character that wants to distance himself because he thinks it's. Right he fancies the kind of it's a very pretentious thing to do I mean he's writing about the town around. He hits. And he can beam pretty sarcastic about a area at times but what I feel when I'm watching this and watching jagged especially. Is. The thing with his father you know who is be connected to this serpents and that's murder and there's every and he's in jail on that. The love between. Father and son is very clear it's very clear the disappointment is oh he's this club. Right pad season two gets a little. That gets. It definitely gets morally gray because here's this character junkets father whose undoubtedly. Done. You made wrong choices and and jacket still has this fundamental primal love for his father. That that's familial and that he carries throughout season one and season to. And he's willing to make choices to try and free his father even though his father is. In the eyes of his society. A bad guy and has done wrong and has made mistakes in granted his hand was gonna force than any instances but he still. He still need those choices season. Season Q picks up of that narrative pretty quickly on and he. Jackass and a valuing to himself how. How his relationship with his father could actually be -- we Afghanistan. Rather abstract. Then. We'll how. How are you getting along with ski Ehrlich will only I mean this is do you see that together are reinstating. Yeah there's. Nowitzki is also one of those actors that kids 210%. Evil and it's not his coverage and he's also a great guy I mean we built a chicken coup together and realized so clearly we're. The bonding experience is going above and God's. I never thought of that as a bonding experience but everybody out there ever build a chicken soup with your politic. Who brought that earth day of her. They ought to build a chicken coop but when you win away to cop when he decided I mean in deed this the issue always have it in your mind that you're gonna come back. Now I actually never anticipated return really would just gonna be gone yeah I I mean. I also didn't anticipate the rise of social media and the kind. Continuity of relevance that came laugh with social media I I expected my brother and I would go to college for four years. And we would sort of fade out gracefully and now that was kind of what I want at the time to have this this. Remnant of childhood that people would still find this like the school in the stout about from India with a just walk the streets and can. But social media really hung on through us ands. I'd studied something completely different. And I had a job after that and then was applying to grad school and my manager and asked me to come back for one week in pilot season and this was. Already a dilemma in the and it's LK OK fine yes but I don't get anything and I'm so grateful OK. Art. Yes that well. I have these other facets of my life that are taking off and if I don't and a booking anything. I just don't see the point. And I mean and my other careers and are now your brother feel exactly the same reason that he did for a little bit. He started back seeing a bit more now. But I think the point is is that we both have this very long. Relationship with acting that. Can be complicated and we have to really judge but thankfully we. You know that we were given an amount of privilege in the industry where we had worked for. This long time and we were put in a more financially stable position which allowed us to be our own patrons and any sense which is something that many artists don't have the privilege of doing that I feel. Thankful for and also allows us to cure it our our older careers if we end up choosing of that which is something I a don't take for granted. What always fascinated me about you and you and your brother growing up together and when he played the same part B cuts of the easier for that economically if you're in big day ahead. Heady with Adam Sandler I always wondered. He's each of you wonder who Adam like best. You'd hope or think you mean because it has to be your brother well at that revealed little sibling. We understood well there's always a sibling robbery but I think a lot of that was put on from. Our society. And and I think. If you're an identical for an especially. With the idea. Male competition that already runs as an undercurrent through our society. You serve as a microcosm for that competition. In in at large and I think. People would ask us all the time who's better at this who's bigger who's smaller who's this who's that who's smarter who's faster who is this. And I think during puberty that about really affected us of course we. In the other companies and on the ground the hell out of it in I think. We're in for. Child for child stars. You know there's an immense. There's an incredible loneliness that comes with the isolation. From your society and from your peers. You either learn how to cope with and healthy in healthy ways worry that you ends up destroying you in many people end up falling victim to that. He always had you and your brother had each of right and that's what I was gonna say was that. We were very lucky to have someone who had gone through the exact same set of experiences. Who we could discuss and have a dialogue with why it affected are so on and so forth and I think. That is an advantageous position have we also knew that. What we were dealing with business were younger I mean we're exploiting. Child labor hogs. By having two of us on Stanton and doubling the amount of time we work. And this is like a cult classic financial acts exploit and I think. We ended up. Caring and threw her over periods it's an act of Great Britain when you go and we studying you are in NYU. Yeah I was studying something. Super techie I was I was saying Senecal geographical information systems and satellite imaging it's kind of like virtual card topography. And I would apply that's archaeology I would build. Like predictive models and and that. Try to reduce all the chance involved in archeological survey. So that we would know exactly where to look for artifacts man ruins and so on won't meet you didn't did. I. It was something my grandpa was geologists. With I always had this kind of fascination with not only the earth sciences. With ancient history in. I ended up studying in school I did it I. I had traveled all over the world on on excavation and that I was working in sun dean G. Basements. Archaeological lab after I graduated before I applied to graduate school. I'm have to those billions of dollars that you and your brother may yet be Elliott. Riverdale Iowa exits in a billion billion episode you can go back to that if Riverdale is it renewed for season ten rest. You're right back to argue that you know what you use deep all of that that attention that social media world but it's now back. Everything is that I do want social media I see here is nineteen things that I don't know about calls. Out here they off. What we're just kind of funny because my whole childhood has been on TV so everything has been record we all now right yet nobody now tone. We cannot does your photographer. To yet. That was really the career that was taking off. Before I return acting which was giving me the freedom to says. To say I don't necessarily need to go. Go back to acting my my photography is doing wonderfully in this really taken on portrait it's fashion that's what is more fashion editorial I started doing landscapes stuff on enhanced I was doing travelers. And then. Being in New York living in the are sort of swept up in the fashion editorial world and just sort of carried that into. Yes social media who would be the importance of the image is so much greater now than ever has been before. We digest probably 90% of our information based on imagery now. So it's a good time to be a photographer and I. I ended up just scaring them into a professional as well if you go on social media and cook on you you're going to see on that he took photos of your coast artery running their own beautiful thing I've taken a bunch of photos and cast a nod at the I'm also. I'm also lucky enough to be on a set where the some photography is a priority so the sets are lit wonderfully. The that you steal on the line I basically am thief I'll act. The just so wrong and it now it's. I think that lead to huge success right in retrospect I would be a fool not to capitalize on line. Do you in your brother are that you good critics of each other do you react to each other's work yeah we and we watch each other's work. And I prefer my friends family not to watch anything really just don't look at me right. But my brother is. You know like what we're putting. Auditions on tape or something for each other we're suggests. Number but I need that. You know I think he did you do that if that someone if someone feels afraid its value. Honest criticism that union you never won and proof. Granted sometimes it's been the cause of many flights of hours yet. But I'm telling you guys these three guys take Democrats. Yeah you you can't tell me why don't know anything. Yeah well this is your first time on the show so you really don't know that it ends in song. Before the desolate at every Disney career there. Three not for me although that's flat out and anything so how. Really. Read I happen to have seen an episode. In which he did on Gilbert's on. Let them so you're line just also I lightly at the role pulsing at the rose got I'm arguing in navy your name have to know. My mom wanted to create a narrative of artistry. Mac Engel worked for her just a guy named Cole worked for my dad. Just destroying the whole myth right been built around here right dude yeah this blustery. No matter who comes out and we always do a few bars some I hope you're Joseph I'm not joking every crew. True every when. I'll let what you what you know you're I wanna hear I'll deal with if I can market let the guy and he's unhappy to hear you start. I can't start asked an Internet service that makes me to only has not nothing makes him. Yes I don't your heart and better. Made a brief speech. Now they do know that he remembered me yet need all I can go. Unforgettable. Give me of the ultimately. Ayala do it do it call routes do it. Unforgettable. On the floor get up. Oh a that's what's your father. On lord let me. Both near. Somethings and things done and mall as you it's. I'm. That's so great that you did unforgettable and forgot all the the year and for an excellent way of doing or added remember. The greats who that you really great to me.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Transcript for 'Novitiate' star Melissa Leo: 'I was never the prettiest girl in the room'
Finally I would like to talk about science. We observe two kinds of silence here regular silence and grabbed science. Getting regular silence if you feel you have the need to speak it's permissible. But when you hear that 9 o'clock at night signifying the beginning of grand silence that means you. Don't. And quest. Put your hand and sister posture constant questions and you are free to go home. Everybody I am Peter Travers and this is popcorn we we tell you what's happening at the movies. And there's a movie now called an issue which is what about. The church it's about nuns who serve in the church and my guess nameless who who abuse and is one. Of the best actors on the plant. It's absolutely at her best in this movie that Gauthier stop listening to us that it go at theaters here and now. We'll update for this. Anyway great to see now. Mind you compliment I think it's all true. I do love what I do I really but I do like I suspect you know what you. I do that makes it better at it but that's kind of great when you love what you do and other people that I. Marty. And Academy Award for the fighter wing suspects it. Well and as it went down in new islands until May I bought small pieces of furniture and one of them has these beautiful locking. Cabinets. With glass of around. And so have very nice cap and house's. Although those that very special but my sag award in mind. And me and mine beautiful gold knowledgeable in the Arabic that they can visit with one another. Chat but you don't TDs don't think about that when you're choosing a part to play be. Now and I do I not even and that even at this point you know I. I like that I have a place to have them at homes they can tell you about it I sometimes come up my stairs and and see the awards there. How me on that's right. But that's sort of in the past and I'm here now talking with you and and initiate helped make that happen and that makes me happy if it. What could tell. Talk a little bit about that mothers period that you're playing in this because. She is Jess spectacular. I just think. She scares a lot of people. As she should what does that line that he has a bad that god can't be here to run this conference room so he's gonna talk through mean. Putting Bayless hit somebody outside the clay stare it sounds a little different and I think there's also that. Catholic school reference that many Americans will have to you know they went to Catholic school in experience none insert jesuit priests in within minutes. The insect cloistered. Nuns this is it different kind of you really are in the conned them. What reverend mother knows better than anyone is what a serious undertaking. These girls are about to me. Take on. You don't want that none UConn went right see you want to put them through a trial. A little bit like Joan potter did with our acting group when we went to SUNY purchase. She wanted the best of justice day so as others dropped out along the way. That she's on courage if you just I may be even in away yet but I think that's kind of against one of the saddest things there is this some of the self identifies an act as an actor and can't get work as an actor. So you know I just keep on. Being very happy. Getting mark. Well you did. I turn around that that you aren't showtime and a guy running that you're running a club and I can't see you on the screen and I mean it's just. But why wouldn't you get war. It doesn't seem to be any reason for but I wonder why your processes. When your plane this character. This mother's appear wouldn't do you prepared to do you hang out with some other severe. Idea wasn't so lucky as to meet anybody so high. I did get to speak which is you know just my own personal research that I did I I got to speak with a couple of ex nuns. Both of these women had happened to leave their convent life around that time Vatican two. This is like 646364. An area. And by both of their telling not because of Vatican two right but but just their own lives and and truth whether Sampson and another life they were meant to lead and have been meeting now. So I did speak with dam and learn some of the this so interesting too because for both of these women it was kind of a memory from their past it was in the present. And so I learned some things about one of the things I act sometimes I worry in the film you see her hands too much because your hands are to be covered. Primarily as well. So. You know little ways. The waves Whipple was attached back then was weave these straight pants. That's stuck into them head. But he ends so tightly at the tops of their heads by these state hands fit the women after years of doing it would have been the and its. Coakley ever in there's scouts. Still I found a way to fashion in this cloth and pin it in that would that helped me feel. More comfortable in and familiar with with that happened. After all habit one be. Mitchell. Yes it definitely had an important here is an attitude that but yes that you you get into it nuns aren't basically wearing this kind of thing anymore. I Aikman and they can't agree but they after Vatican two has basically you are part greeted community that you're part of in your character doesn't like. She's not interested in freedom he's quite happy in her marriage to god Jesus and Annie and stunned that this decision would be man. Basically. Nullifying her entire. Existence. That she has lived with out question. And happily live on content to flee. You don't see reverend mother in the film prior to getting these papers from Vatican Clinton's. But I believe she was very much at peace. And this is what I'm does have its themselves. Information that the men have decided that you not his right. Those men have decided. They have done learning Ali Mann act it's really for. We know that is slow. But you don't play her or see her even though a lot of the nuns that are under her tutelage and guidance. Look at her sometimes as a tremendous bill. But weak U planner I basically fuel for her I think through all. And that's another way to approach to roll where you could've played there as yes this tyrant. With nothing else and yet her life's been devoted to. Yeah and and that. That is perhaps the most important thing to me means so much to me you see that in her her vulnerability. Her true commitment. That anger the upset and confusion. That she's in is I'm mind me yet very much. Precipitated by these changes and asked for unexpected. Change. I'd love about humorous is that your total rebel you you don't you what you did you go your own way. And I when you won your Oscar for the fighter remember that big controversy. Because you had helped along by buying an adult. And you say you can't do that. There were certain rules that had to. And you broke well I did it because they keep getting rich but it can't get my picture. And that's true I was trying to get a cover magazine anything. And I had publicist working for me to that end that I was too old and not known well known and a what I thought well how is one going to win an Oscar without a beautiful picture like that on the glossy pages easy. I didn't know that I was ruled break game I don't know them much about the Oscars in the history in the public eye on the one thing in another I knew more. That was not so and I need I probably would not have done that you can say rebel and I think me. I'm Kabul. I look at it as you one well. At Manhattan Anthony two and it has left me and market do everything Ellis he writers. Say hey little lady here want us. And that was phenomenal. I don't think he ever played a role. Where you approach and said or it doesn't come off that way on screen that I'm not gonna go there and these scenes that you go. We come from who are you Melissa Leo. We care who what what form do in this world to be the person ward the actress. I am my mother's daughter re. She would not allow a vanity. From me and hounds and I think that female actors are. Brought up in the industry. With how they book being the primary. Thing. That's not why I approach to acting I was never the prettiest girl and around. I approached it because of that thing your admiring because Melissa could high need weaving in these characters. It was a protective coating to pretend to be somebody. It's not brain injuries. Abject. Fear. You could of wasted all that time and therapy you have to Ed Ed doing this so that we all get to see I had at bear this in college to brief that to me. I I work. Do it. Go an act just do whatever it is that you do. All of the performances that I feed you hand. Always looks like yes you're part of the community of actors doing it. But that what you're doing is emanating from you in some really important way and he. That's what Amy is there is that defied his. Yet it can be quite a struggle that it's very very trim my job is as like have a cough taught me. There is the actor and they character and my job is to make them one. That's on my job gains and then to try within that to navigate this script and that found main. In and be in the filmmakers found that's what my job it. And I day. Because my mother's daughter I just found that ago it oh she's the bad cat. She's done. She's somebody's partner she's somebody's mother. Who we see them where was she boring how did she grow up how long as she'd end here. And that's my job as an actor that's the actor's work. To two. And and that's a part of it that's always come very easily and naturally to me it's not like I am and histories for them and write journals that particular character. It just feels like that split you know the cost him informs me the words she speaks inform me. Chinese I go with it and I don't fight it. If somebody is watching. And they're listening to you as I am and and saying because they don't go to many movies. I like car. And I'd like to see more of what she did would be the three of war of things that you've done on screen that you can. That you learn the most from not that you think it's the best thing that you're ever did but that that those movies when you look at them think I'd. There was some that he year that helped me grow and take me to. The next level. We thank. The three burials and not yet at this. Directed by on the unnamed unmentioned meets one of the best directors I have ever worked around because he didn't over talk it. He did not over time he was not nice when he talked about what he said he man and it mattered. All the respect in the world mr. Jones. Francine I mentioned because the tiny little movie that very few people song it was incredibly difficult issue. This shot by a couple. That had been documentaries. I'm treating me like a subject that I'm not her and playing her. Very hard issues. Beautiful little film. Francine. And end because he is one of them biggest reach is I've ever known as section two in the way and we are going back for seconds from. I'm saying that hearings and. Where you're just running that club. I loved. Look. As though. Seven season everybody wanting to be with Johnny Carson. I don't even mind you're oldies misunderstood because that's set to part of everything. I'm surprised you didn't mention frozen river in Wenham because like that fits it would let it recognition with frozen river area does come up with demand and eight cents and all the women on the one minute and replace it tends to. They Eddie I got to play for set to Lon time because they Eddie and frozen river which made a short. Almost five years later that she got the money to make the feature. So I had lived with misty up and Kourtney and ray Eddy the character I had lived with it for so long by the timing to the teacher. She too was. To some wonderful man and and 21 grams and well I could just go on and keep mentioning that but you people out there and I didn't you let out where was so violent bands where it's because. Gamma. Wrote the camera at a at a wrote that script in what he calls. An emotional continuity that's more like a poem than a story. I'm Mary and the character I played. You see in perfect sequential order through the script so it she's the grounding member of that ensemble. And that was suspect tactful and did you ever get an acting as and when you are two you purchased that you have could it you have taken with you to this that. All I add. Yes and yes and definitely yes it is. We were taught Kristen linkletter voice work from her amazing book freeing natural voice that is work I still used today. Both to free my natural voice and also to have helped a motion mines to freeze it channels and Kristin link better work John Potter are acting mentor we teased her relentlessly. Not understanding what a spectacular actor she had been before she became an acting teacher. And that discipline. I carry with me and that makes me an overly serious factor that can get me in trouble but also get nice. I like yeah. Understanding all current potter are you staying. In character on that ticket I don't mean to but I do like to the way I describe it is of course I keep her clothes. Why would I dropped her over there and have a funny conversation with you about when I drank last night Eaton. And then go out time to shoot a panic and it went abbey right but you have to get her back to where we're seeing the wet my what. So by they characters days I don't mean it too but I find she stays very close to me while I work. And there are some bittersweet moving away from her after it's over. As the mother superior near this year you have. Many moments where you make the sisters to the punishments especially. Saying a catalog of their faults they have to say these are the things that are wrong with me. He had any of them all false I'll put god yes what's the worse here. Now it's it's like anything its two sides of the penny right I I have very little filter. So that's great for my acting and it's great for truth telling might not everybody wants to hear the true. I. Look. And I AM I really we do in the end you know in my mount every. He went to the truth will set you free I don't know where that's from but I know that's true. I really willing and it's so there's that and faults too I think I am really. Mary call that my mother gave me in terms of being female on the planet and sure of myself thing I can do any thing. My brother and I both agree were not terribly well socialized. We've had to learn to be polite in ways that. Many others we find our product. And I have it in time it's about politeness when it's simply politeness. There is. Human decent me ugly and racist Anis. That is that's that's not a bad thing to happen until I had to work to have to have. That's seen what really fault they there's the six. Of what. You're doing. It being honest about who you are and if they can't take it then get advocates. Beloved and they come up to me when you ask the question they come up this fault because I do know they are the things they get need trouble. And I think you'll always get. I hope and I. Art will be shall always ends in fall out. She pretension of him had grant. Run your freeing everything he can fit that cut and where jets come out a minute and think what ever is that your. I don't know what mother superior was listening do her thing but I'm guessing there wasn't much. I don't think she was much of the songs to thirty. Now we do you have something in I know it. Bouncy reminiscing the sun went into court. OK and and I hear it down. Six in our whole weather rain gets in and keeps my mind. One thing. I live clue. Song. Silly people running around one no lag they can end Matt dole line. Beatles. B tell me tolls from a list when they set your joy always always. That question with the go warm. I have any of the gun. And he could be.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The City of Angels is getting all dolled up over the next decade -- the Summer Olympics are coming to L.A. in 2028!
Interested in Travel? Add Travel as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Travel news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
For value seekers, though, the time to visit is now, thanks to more places to stay -- 9,000 new hotel rooms by the end of 2018 -- and more ways to fly here -- 10 new domestic routes in the last year. More availability almost always means lower prices.
Throw in the fact that what's world-famous about L.A. hasn't changed, from its celebrity residents to the perfect weather to an exploding food scene, and an L.A. visit is a no-brainer.
Haven't been in awhile? Here's more of what makes California's largest city awesome.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
Skip Rodeo Drive, shop Abbot Kinney
Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills is a paradise for well-heeled shoppers, but the ritzy storefronts relegate most of us to window shopping. In nearby Venice, Abbot Kinney Boulevard is a mile-long thoroughfare close to the beach that's quickly become a trendy epicenter for food, fashion and art. Aust features creative wares by Australia's up-and-coming designers, The Tasting Kitchen draws big brunch crowds, and The Otheroom pours fine wine and beer late into the night. Every month, First Friday brings out dozens of food trucks and shoppers on the hunt for special deals.
Skip Beverly Hills, do West Hollywood
While he doesn't completely discount Beverly Hills for celeb spotting, "West Hollywood is better," says Gregg Gant, business development manager at Travelzoo's L.A. office. "Check out restaurants like The Ivy on Robertson for a late lunch, and do the Nice Guy for dinner. Get a day pass to Equinox in West Hollywood and work out with stars like Common or Tyler Perry. Check out Catch, the hot new club. Or see a concert at the famous Troubadour, where bands like the Elton John, Kelly Clarkson, Van Morrison, The Eagles & James Taylor have played." Exploring West Hollywood is easy when you board the WeHo Pickup, a totally free shuttle that runs weekends and does a six-mile loop along Santa Monica Boulevard's hot clubs, eateries and shops.
A post shared by Discover Los Angeles (@discoverla) on Nov 8, 2017 at 12:22pm PST
Skip the hotel, stay at the ranch
"I recently discovered and stayed at Calamigos Ranch -- OMG, this is a serious hidden gem!" says Rifi Sachdev, business development director at Travelzoo Los Angeles. Although this Malibu property has been around since 1947, the on-site resort opened to the public just two years ago. "I planned a girls' getaway here and we did a number of activities all within a 10-minute drive. On Saturday, we stayed at Calamigos, went horseback riding through the mountains, checked out Cornell Winery and Malibu Wines and had dinner at The Sunset restaurant. On Sunday, we enjoyed an amazing free breakfast at Calamigos Ranch (part of their $25 resort fee). They also have pretty snazzy Tesla cars that take you to Malibu Café or their private beach club, where you can take advantage of their SUP, kayaks or just lay out -- umbrellas and towels provided!"
Skip Malibu, see Pacific Palisades
Malibu is gorgeous, stretching along the Pacific toward the L.A.-Ventura County line. But neighboring Pacific Palisades, my hometown, is an alternative seaside, celeb-laden community. Much smaller and anchored by famous Sunset Boulevard, it's home to Tinsel Town names like Matt Damon, Steven Spielberg and Goldie Hawn. And special local attractions abound, from the peaceful oasis known as the Lake Shrine to bucolic Will Rogers State Park.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
See the real stars
Celeb-spotting is a favorite L.A. pastime, but don't forget about the stars above. Griffith Park is open until 10 p.m., making it ideal for a night of hiking and sky watching. The Griffith Observatory -- its iconic architecture makes it a regular backdrop in movies, from "The Terminator" to "La La Land" -- features public telescopes, planetarium shows and interactive space exhibits. Getting in is free and, at more than 1,100 feet above sea level, the views of the city and even the Hollywood sign are beautiful. Griffith Park spans 4,500 acres, making it L.A.'s largest historical landmark.
Skip the entry fee, visit museums for free
Some of the best museums in L.A. are free every day. Art buffs flock to the Hammer Museum in Westwood. History buffs love the Getty Villa in Pacific Palisades and the Getty Center in Brentwood (advanced reservation for $15 parking at both locations is a good idea). And kids are always awed by exhibits like the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California Science Center at Exposition Park. "The Broad museum featuring the Yayoi Kusama exhibit is a must," adds Sachdev. "This block of L.A. is truly a piece of art. You can visit The Broad for free, catch a show at the iconic Disney Concert Hall or L.A. Phil and have a beautiful meal at Otium, all within a five-minute walking radius." Many other museums, like the L.A. County Museum of Art, offer free days at least once a month. For a real art party, join DTLA's all-day Downtown Art Walk the second Thursday of every month.
A post shared by Discover Los Angeles (@discoverla) on Nov 4, 2017 at 10:00am PDT
Skip the coast, go downtown
When I grew up in L.A., you avoided downtown. Today, thanks to major investment and concerted planning, downtown is a mecca for those seeking culture, dining and nightlife. "I did a guiding walking tour of downtown L.A., and it was awesome," says Gant. "I learned so much about the city, its history and its culture." There are dozens of happy hour hot spots here, like the Whiskey Lounge, Triple 8 China Bar & Grill and Orchid Bar Kitchen. There are plenty of parks and green spaces. And you'll find famous entertainment venues like L.A. Live and the Staples Center here, too. One of the hottest not-to-be-missed attractions is OUE Skyspace LA on the 71st floor of the U.S. Bank Tower. Interactive educational exhibits about Los Angeles lead you to two large observation terraces that offer breathtaking views, from the San Gabriel Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. Don't leave without going down the Skyslide, a 45-foot-long outdoor glass slide perched high above the city.
Skip your flight, experience Pan Am
The golden age of air travel is alive and well in L.A. The Pan Am Experience is one of the city's most unique dinner experiences, set inside a restored 1970s Pan Am jumbo jet. The multi-course meal -- served in either coach or first class -- is gourmet and modeled after actual Pan Am menus. Flight attendants wear vintage Pan Am uniforms. And guests, limited to only about 50, dress to the nines, the way it used to be. The experience is entertaining, energetic and one-of-a-kind. "No details were overlooked," says Lily Fu, executive producer at Travelzoo LA who's put together several Travelzoo member-only events here. "Everything down to the recipes, utensils and glassware are from original Pan Am flights. It's like going to an elegant, retro dinner-theater show. It's uniquely L.A. and still very much under the radar, but probably not for long!" The Pan Am Experience is located at Air Hollywood, a movie studio in Pacoima where hundreds of movie and TV show airplane scenes have been filmed.
A post shared by Discover Los Angeles (@discoverla) on Nov 14, 2017 at 4:00pm PST
Don't waste your layover
"If you have a long layover at LAX, go to Manhattan Beach for a meal or a stroll on the pier or Strand," suggests my friend and intrepid travel blogger Johnny Jet (Forbes named him one of the world's top 10 travel influencers). His recommendations to satiate your sweet tooth: Manhattan Beach Creamery, Becker's Bakery and Blue Star Donuts. If you need to stay a bit closer to the airport, and especially if you're an aviation fan, he suggests dining "at the new and improved Proud Bird Restaurant," where you can watch airplanes soar by right above you on their descent to LAX. "Download the Flight Radar 24 app to see which planes are coming in."
Skip the drive, take to the skies
It's tough to avoid renting a car if you want to cover a lot of ground in L.A. So why not fly, instead? L.A. is home to several flight schools, including South Coast Aeronautics at Torrance Municipal Airport. The FAA-certified instructors here use a SOCATA Tobago airplane, featuring a 180-horsepower engine, a three-blade constant speed propeller and deluxe leather interiors. A 70-minute lesson begins with a 20-minute pre-flight briefing on flight fundamentals and includes 50 minutes of flight time. You fly past the Hollywood sign, downtown L.A., Beverly Hills and movie studios.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
Skip Disney parking, take the train
If you're planning on visiting the happiest place on Earth, consider the train. Board at Amtrak's historic Union Station downtown and enjoy the traffic-free ride all the way to Anaheim. From ARTIC (the impressive Anaheim Regional Transportation Intermodal Center), Disneyland and California Adventure are about 5 miles away, an easy cab or rideshare ride. No paying for parking!
Skip the city, see the island
Anchored just 22 miles off the L.A. coastline, Catalina Island is an easy day trip. You can take an express one-hour ferry ride from Long Beach, San Pedro, Newport Beach or Dana Point; paying a little more gets you a quick chopper ride over the water. The main town of Avalon offers leisurely strolls -- by foot, bike, golf cart or Segway -- as well as eateries and shops. Golf, hiking and a new zip line will appeal to adventurers. And, yes, there are beaches here, too. Catalina enjoys a touch of Hollywood; more than 500 films have been shot here.
Gabe Saglie is Senior Editor for Travelzoo, which features exclusive deals to and in L.A. at www.travelzoo.com. Got your own favorite Azores experience? Let him know on Twitter or Instagram: @gabesaglie.
The Rev. Jesse Jackson disclosed publicly Friday that he has been seeking outpatient care for two years for Parkinson's disease and plans to "dedicate" himself to physical therapy to slow the progress of the disease.
In a letter to supporters, the 76-year-old civil rights icon said family and friends noticed a change in him about three years ago, and he could no longer ignore symptoms of the chronic neurological disorder that causes movement difficulties.
"Recognition of the effects of this disease on me has been painful, and I have been slow to grasp the gravity of it," he wrote. "For me, a Parkinson's diagnosis is not a stop sign but rather a signal that I must make lifestyle changes and dedicate myself to physical therapy."
Jackson, who declined to be interviewed, also released a letter from Northwestern Medicine confirming his diagnosis and care.
He vowed to use his voice to help find a cure for the disease.
About 60,000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with Parkinson's annually, according to the Parkinson's Foundation.
It can start with tremors, and symptoms generally worsen over time. The exact cause is unknown. Treatments include medications, surgery and physical therapy.
The disease itself is not fatal but people can die from complications. Jackson said Parkinson's "bested" his father. Noah Lewis Robinson Sr. died in 1997 at age 88 after suffering a heart attack.
It was unclear how his treatment would affect his leadership of the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, the Chicago-based civil rights group he founded more than two decades ago. Jackson has remained active in his advocacy and travels, including traveling to Puerto Rico last month for a hurricane-relief mission and hosting a symposium in Washington, D.C., earlier this week.
A prot?g? of the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jackson was instrumental in guiding the modern civil rights movement on a wide variety of issues, including voting rights and education.
Twice a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 1980s, he has remained a strong voice in numerous anti-discrimination efforts, including advocating for affordable housing. He's often seen at protests nationwide and has continued regular forums at Rainbow/PUSH's headquarters.
He said Friday in the letter that he is also working on a memoir.
"I will continue to try to instill hope in the hopeless, expand our democracy to the disenfranchised and free innocent prisoners around the world," he wrote. "I steadfastly affirm that I would rather wear out than rust out."
The Rev. Al Sharpton said he spent the last few days with Jackson in New York City.
Jackson "has changed the nation and served in ways in which he never got credit," Sharpton said in a statement. "We pray for him, just as he fought for us."
———
Follow Sophia Tareen on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sophiatareen .
Iconic American civil rights activist, politician and minister Jesse Jackson announced Friday that his doctors have diagnosed him with Parkinson's disease - a diagnosis that he says comes after several years of symptoms.
Below are answers to some of the more common questions about this disease.
What is Parkinson's disease?
Parkinson's disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder globally, after Alzheimer's disease, affecting more than 1 million people in North America. It was originally described by English surgeon James Parkinson in 1817. While the precise causes of this condition remain unknown, the disease is characterized by abnormalities in a specific region of the brain called the substantia nigra, and it results in decreased signaling of the neurotransmitter dopamine. This imbalance leads to the hallmark symptoms of this condition -- abnormal movements, such as a characteristic hand tremor, slow movements, muscle stiffening, and a decreased ability of the body's reflexes to appropriately adjust to changes in posture. Psychiatric symptoms often include anxiety and depression. Other characteristic symptoms include walking in short, shuffling steps and decreased facial expressiveness, called "masked facies."
Who is affected by this condition?
There are an estimated 7.5 million people worldwide living with Parkinson's, and the risk of developing it increases with age. Approximately 41 per 100,000 persons aged 40 to 49 years has Parkinson's, compared to an estimated 1,900 per 100,000 persons over the age of 79.
What are the risk factors for Parkinson's?
Aside from older age, the most well-established risk factor for developing Parkinson's is having a family member who has been diagnosed with this disease, as was the case with Jackson. Men are also 1.5 times more likely to develop Parkinson's than women. Several large studies have also found a correlation between depression and the development of Parkinson's, though it is unknown if depression plays a causative role in the development of Parkinson's, or if it is instead an early symptom. Other possible risk factors include exposure to certain types of pesticides and high consumption of dairy products.
How is Parkinson's diagnosed?
Parkinson's is diagnosed based on a patient's clinical history and physical exam. Diagnosis is made by the when a person has Parkinsonian symptoms without any other explanation, such as another neurological disease, head trauma, or a medication that may also be causing Parkinson's-like symptoms. There are currently no available laboratory or imaging tests that can confirm a diagnosis of Parkinson's.
What are the treatments for this condition?
Treatments for Parkinson's are aimed at correcting the abnormalities in brain dopamine levels and usually include a medication called levodopa or other dopamine-stimulating drugs. These drugs, however, pose a risk of causing uncontrollable movements called dyskinesia. Younger patients with Parkinson's-associated tremor may benefit from using drugs in a class known as anticholinergics. Some patients who experience symptoms despite medications may benefit from placement of a stimulation device deep in their brains or other neurosurgical procedures. Physical therapy and speech therapy can also be used to help minimize the effects of the disease. Researchers are working on developing gene therapies or methods of neural transplantation to slow or reverse the effects of Parkinson's, but management with medications and symptomatic support remain the current mainstay of treatment at this time.
What is the prognosis for Parkinson's?
Neurologic changes seen in Parkinson's are typically irreversible and may worsen as the disease progresses. The number and severity of symptoms vary from person to person, and there are currently no ways to predict which individuals will experience a rapid or slow decline. Parkinson's itself is generally not considered to be a fatal disease in and of itself; however, the neurologic changes caused by Parkinson's increase a person's likelihood of dying from conditions such as pneumonia due to difficulty swallowing or trauma from falling.
Actor Terry Crews said that he "never felt more emasculated" than after his alleged sexual assault, shedding light on societal misconceptions about gender roles that experts say may deter men from speaking up when they are victims of sexual misconduct.
"Back in February 2016, I was assaulted by Adam Venit, who is head of the motion picture department at William Morris Endeavor, one of the biggest agencies in the world, period," Crews, 49, said live on "Good Morning America" on Wednesday. "He's connected to probably everyone I know in the business ... I did not know this man. I have never had a conversation with him, ever."
After his powerful live interview, Crews relayed further details about what he says happened at a Hollywood party he attended with his wife last year.
"It's like you're a prisoner of war," Crews, a former NFL linebacker said of the incident. "I've never felt more emasculated, objectified."
Amanda Edwards/Getty Images FILE
"He takes his right hand and, under mine, and immediately squeezes, grabs my genitals," Crews told ABC News. "I slap his hand away, pushed him back more forcefully."
He added that he immediately told Adam Sandler, the honored guest at the event, what had allegedly happened and then left with his wife.
Crews said Venit called him the next morning and apologized for his actions.
"I got a call. It's him on the line — 'I'm sorry, I was drunk, I wasn't myself that night,'" Crews said.
He added that he did not feel the apology was sincere, saying, "It's like when people are sorry because they got caught."
More recently, after the Harvey Weinstein scandal caused a wave of people to speak out about sexual misconduct in Hollywood, Crews said that he also met with the head of William Morris Endeavor, Ari Emmanuel, the company's co-CEO.
"I brought out a letter that he wrote in 2011 which demanded that Mel Gibson be blacklisted from Hollywood for anti-Semitic remarks," Crews said. "I took that letter, crossed out 'Mel Gibson,' put 'Adam Venit,' crossed out 'anti-Semitic remarks,' put 'sexual assault.'"
"I said, 'Read that letter. Now you know what you got to do,'" Crews added. "He said, 'It's different.'"
While Crews recently parted ways with the agency, he said he identifies with the fear that many others say deters them from speaking out against their harasser: fear of retaliation.
"He is privy to all the studio heads who hire me," Crews said. "Who's to say he couldn't poison that?"
William Morris Endeavor told ABC News that Venit was suspended after an internal investigation into the matter. Venit and Emmanuel declined ABC News' requests for comment Wednesday.
Amanda Edwards/Getty Images FILE
Why male victims of sexual misconduct may not speak out
Crews is not the first man in Hollywood to come forward with accusations of sexual harassment. Actors James van der Beek and Anthony Edwards also recently came forward, sharing their allegations of sexual harassment in Hollywood.
The issue of sexual harassment in the workplace extends far beyond Hollywood. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said it received over 12,000 complaints of sexual harassment last year alone and over 15 percent of those were from men.
John Aravosis, a political blogger who said he was sexually harassed by a female colleague while he worked on Capitol Hill in the 1990s, said that societal misconceptions about gender roles may make it difficult for some men to speak out against misconduct.
"I think, as a guy, you sit there and think, 'OK, first of all, people are going think I'm crazy or something that I didn't like this,'" said Aravosis, who said a female colleague made inappropriate remarks to him over the phone. "You know, guys are supposed to like women coming onto them, and boy, she came onto me, and that's supposed to be cool and funny."
Aravosis recalled the harassment he says he faced, saying, "All I can compare it to is when I hear people talk about having their homes robbed. And they talk about this sort of sense of violation in their personal space."
He added that while he was not worried about his job or his personal safety, he's affected by a deterrent against speaking out. He said, "I feel kind of — I use the word 'wussy.'"
Phil and Erika Boissiere, a married team of psychotherapists, told ABC News that while women who experience sexual harassment tend to think it's their own fault, men often question their masculinity after facing sexual harassment.
"What women experience is self-doubt," she said. He said that women "are often immediately questioned about what their role was in provoking it, which is ridiculous."
Erika Boissiere said, "It's viewed by society where women coming onto men isn't a bad thing."
Phil Boissiere said, "In deciding to speak out, men butt up against this social script that men aren't supposed to ask for help."
Breathtaking photos and details are finally leaking out about Serena Williams' celebrity-filled wedding to Reddit co-founder, Alexis Ohanian.
The bride wore a custom Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen ball gown down the aisle Thursday, according to Vogue magazine.
A post shared by Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Nov 17, 2017 at 5:27pm PST
Williams, 36, and Ohanian, 34, exchanged vows inside the Big Easy's Contemporary Arts Center. The couple chose French ball-themed nuptials with influence from "Beauty and the Beast." And apparently the groom chose New Orleans as the locale for the couple's highly-anticipated wedding.
"Alexis really wanted to do New Orleans," Williams told the fashion magazine. "It's his favorite city besides Brooklyn. It's got a heavy European influence; it's fun and has amazing food. He just loves the vibe."
Guests included A-listers such as Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian West, La La Anthony, Eva Longoria and Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour.
A post shared by Beylite (@beylite) on Nov 17, 2017 at 6:11pm PST
@serenawilliams married @alexisohanian in a stunning Sarah Burton for @alexandermcqueen princess gown. Tap the link in our bio for more exclusive photos from the star-studded celebration. Photographed by @mistadubb and @ericamelissa_. A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine) on Nov 17, 2017 at 5:39pm PST
And the wedding date, Nov. 16, was also very special to the groom -- it was his late mother's birthday.
"Obviously, we wish that she could be here for this, but choosing her birthday as our wedding date was a nice way of making sure she's still involved and made us feel more connected to her on our day," the tennis star explained.
Official. ?? @melbarlowandco @allanzepedaphotography A post shared by Alexis Ohanian Sr.?? (@alexisohanian) on Nov 17, 2017 at 9:28pm PST
During the wedding reception, which featured a performance by R&B group New Edition, Williams changed into a Versace gown. And during the after-party, an entirely separate affair, she changed yet again to a shorter dress and tennis shoes -- of course! It was easier for the bride to enjoy a carousel that guests, including Beyonce, could ride.
A post shared by ?? BEYONCÉ • KING BEY ?? (@kingbeyhive) on Nov 17, 2017 at 6:23pm PST
A post shared by Alexis Ohanian Sr.?? (@alexisohanian) on Nov 18, 2017 at 7:37am PST
The newlyweds became engaged last December with Ohanian announcing the news on Facebook.
Four months later, Williams revealed they were expecting their first child, a daughter named Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., whom they welcomed in September.
Serena Williams and Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian exchanged vows Thursday evening in New Orleans.
The ceremony was held inside the Big Easy's Contemporary Arts Center, according to ABC News local affiliate WGNO.
Mel Barlow, who photographed the wedding for the couple, posted one snap from the event on Instagram.
Although the guest list was under wraps, celebrities such as actress Nicole Ari Parker and model Selita Ebanks were spotted arriving to the venue in the city's Warehouse District.
Actress Nicole Ari Parker arrives for the NOLA wedding of tennis superstar Serena Williams and Reddit founder Alexis Ohanian! pic.twitter.com/uVmrf2d7GL — Susan Roesgen (@SusanRoesgen) November 17, 2017
Model Selita Ebanks arrives for the wedding of tennis great Serena Williams and Reddit founder Alexis Ohanian in New Orleans tonight! pic.twitter.com/vpxzLddtE0 — Susan Roesgen (@SusanRoesgen) November 17, 2017
Other photographers caught Ciara, La La Anthony, Kelly Rowland, Eva Longoria and Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour arriving to the wedding.
serenawilliams
Williams, 36, and Ohanian, 34, became engaged last December with the tech enthusiast announcing the news on Facebook.
Four months later, Williams revealed they were expecting their first child, a daughter named Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., whom they welcomed in September.
Jennifer Hudson has split from her longtime fiancé, David Otunga.
A rep for the Oscar winner said in a statement to ABC News, "Jennifer Hudson and David Otunga have been in the process of ending their relationship for a number of months."
"Today, Jennifer requested and received a protective order against her ex-fiancé," the statement continued.
Tristan Fewings/Getty Images
ABC News confirmed that Hudson, 36, was granted an emergency temporary order of protection in Illinois on Thursday.
In a statement to ABC News, Hudson explained that she pursued protection "in the best interest of their son," 8-year-old David Daniel Otunga Jr.
"Please respect her privacy at this time," the statement concluded.
Hudson and Otunga, a former WWE wrestler and reality star, have been engaged since 2008.
Larry Busacca/Getty Images
Otunga's attorney responded to Hudson's filing a protective order in a statement obtained by ABC News.
"David Otunga has been trying to negotiate the terms of an amicable parenting agreement with Ms. Hudson for several weeks now," the statement began. "However, when it became apparent to Ms. Hudson that Mr. Otunga would be the parent granted residential care of the child, as a result of Mr. Otunga being the child's primary caregiver while Ms. Hudson pursues her career all over the world, Ms. Hudson decided to file a meritless Petition for Order of Protection in an effort to gain an unfair advantage in the custody dispute."
"As a result of Mr. Otunga's career in the WWE, Ms. Hudson felt that she could give an award winning performance in court to portray herself as the victim," the statement continued. "Mr. Otunga has never abused or harassed Ms. Hudson or their son, and it is unfortunate, especially in today's climate, that she would feel the need to make these false allegations against him. Mr. Otunga looks forward to his day in court and in being awarded the residential care of the parties' only child."
French CRS riot police are covered with paint as protestors clash with police forces during a demonstration against French government reforms in Nantes, France, Nov. 16, 2017. Stephane Mahe/Reuters
Visitors take pictures as the Al Fursan aerobatic team of the United Arab Emirates Air Force performs during the Dubai Airshow in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Nov. 13, 2017. Satish Kumar/Reuters
Roses are placed on chairs with the names of those killed during the shooting at First Baptist Church, which has been transformed into a memorial to honor those who died, Nov. 12, 2017, in Sutherland Springs, Texas.<br /> <br /> After a gunman opened fire and killed 26, including a pregnant woman, whose unborn child was included by police in the death toll, at the Baptist church, parishioners gathered at a nearby baseball field to worship with their pastor, whose daughter was also among the dead. Drew Anthony Smith/The New York Times/Redux
Rohingya refugee children learn to read the Quran at a makeshift mosque in Palong Khali refugee camp near Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh, Nov. 12, 2017. Navesh Chitrakar/Reuters
Protesters burn an Amercian flag as they march in the streets of Manila on the day of President Donald Trump's arrival to the country, Nov. 12, 2017. </br></br>Hundreds of Filipinos from left-wing groups protested in the streets of Manila chanting anti-U.S. slogans as Trump was set to visit for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit. Jes Aznar/Getty Images
A woman casts her ballot for the Equatorial Guinea legislative elections in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, Nov. 12, 2017. Mario Cruz/EPA
Villagers look at two dead sperm whales on a beach in Aceh Besar, Indonesia, Nov. 14, 2017. </br></br> Four sperm whales that were stranded on a beach in Indonesia died despite frantic efforts to push the massive mammals back into the sea, according to local officials. Chaideer Mahyuddin/AFP/Getty Images
A barefoot man stands in front of a pile of vehicles in the municipality of Madra in western Athens, Nov. 15, 2017. <br><br>Flash floods in the capital's outskirts turned roads into raging torrents of mud and debris knocking out a section of a highway, killing at least 14 people, and inundating homes and businesses with water. Petros Giannakouris/AP
Relatives and friends mourn 15-year-old Mark Lorenz Salonga, who according to relatives was a drug user and was shot dead by unidentified assailants Nov. 3, during his funeral in Taguig south of Manila, Philippines, Nov. 12, 2017. </br></br>Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte is facing criticism for the country's war on drugs. Ezra Acayan/EPA
Ismot Ara, 7, a sick Rohingya refugee girl sits on the doorway of her makeshift shelter at Kutupalong refugee camp near Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh, Nov. 12, 2017. Navesh Chitrakar/Reuters
A flattened vehicle lies beneath rubble after a deadly 7.3 magnitude earthquake struck Sarpol-e Zahab, in Iran's Kermanshah province, on Nov. 13, 2017. </br></br>At least 530 people were killed when a 7.3 magnitude earthquake shook the mountainous on the Iran-Iraq border, triggering landslides and hindering rescue efforts. AFP/Getty Images
A Pakistani vendor carries balloons on a street amid heavy smog in Lahore, Pakistan, Nov. 9, 2017. <br><br>The toxic smog has covered parts of Pakistan for weeks and has killed thousands more people in the fast-growing country than years of militancy. Arif Ali/AFP/Getty Images
People wait to cast their ballots for the Equatorial Guinea legislative elections in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, Nov. 12, 2017. Mario Cruz/EPA
Outside of Washington, D.C., and inside the Trump supporting county of Farquier, Va., the American Legion's "Junior Shooting Sports Program" is in its eighth year. The program is under the legion's "Americanism" mission, which promotes gun safety and marksmanship and includes 15,000 students nationwide. Sixteen local students in Warrenton, Va., are provided with equipment funded in part by grants from the National Rifle Association.<br><br> Cheerleaders from Faquier High School wait for their parade to begin through the center of Warrenton, Va., in honor of their homecoming, Oct. 10, 2017. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Students from the Warrenton Rifles Junior Shooting sports team meet for practice, Oct. 19, 2017, Warrenton, VA. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Students from the Warrenton Rifle Junior Shooter team practice at their local American Legion post 72, Warrenton, Va., March 1, 2017. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Students from the Warrenton Rifles Junior Shooting sports team meet for practice, Oct. 19, 2017, Warrenton, Va. NRA grants have been providing the team with state-of-the-art range equipment and rifles. Nationwide, around 15,000 students participate in the program. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Sean Hardy, 17, a senior at Facquier Highschool, with his girlfriend, Lexi, at her home before prom in Warrenton, Va. Sean is a top shooter with his shooting team sponsored by their local American Legion. He is heading to Coastal Carolina University and hopes to join the Navy. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Cheerleaders from Faquier High School make a parade through the center of Warrenton, Va., in honor of their homecoming. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Field hockey students from Faquier High School wait on their parade float for their homecoming parade to begin in the center of Warrenton, Va., Oct. 20, 2017. Fauquier High School, one of the three high schools in Fauquier County, opened in 1963 and is located just outside the town limits of Warrenton. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Students watch their last football home game at Kettle Run High School in Warrenton, Va. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Sophomores from Faquier High School rest an hour before they make a parade through the center of Warrenton, Va., in honor of their homecoming. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Ryan, a student from the Warrenton Rifle Junior Shooter team, practices at her local American Legion post 72, Warrenton, Va. The students were preparing for a regional competition the next week. Sarah Blesener/Redux
The Warrenton Rifles team competes, April 23, 2017, Warrenton, VA. Sarah Blesener/Redux
The Warrenton Rifles team competes, April 23, 2017, Warrenton, Va. Sarah Blesener/Redux
Students from the Warrenton Rifles Junior Shooting sports team meet for practice, Oct. 19, 2017, Warrenton, Va. Sarah Blesener/Redux
The Houston Astros took home their first World Series title Wednesday night by beating the Los Angeles Dodgers 5-1 in Game 7. About 17,000 fans at Houston's Minute Maid Park went wild once the game was over.
Interested in MLB? Add MLB as an interest to stay up to date on the latest MLB news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
David J. Phillip/AP
This victory comes two months after the city of Houston was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. In the wake of the disaster, the city rallied around the Astros and the team wore a "Houston Strong" patch on their jerseys throughout the postseason. The champions dedicated their historic victory to their city.
Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle/AP
The World Series champs were feted with a parade on Friday.
David J. Phillip/AP
"It's a true privilege to proudly host this magnificent salute to our hometown team that has earned history," said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner. "As we bounce back from Hurricane Harvey, we are more than ready to welcome our heroes home in proper form."
USA TODAY Sports
