Girls attend a war safety awareness campaign, given by Civil Defence members, inside a school in the rebel held besieged city of Douma, in the eastern Damascus suburb of Ghouta, Syria. (Reuters)
UN envoy for Libya sets sights on institutions as way to unite country
Five months after he was appointed to lead UN peace efforts in Libya, Ghassan Salame says he is focused on building institutions as a way to unite the country. The 66-year-old Lebanese-born academic ...
Arab League to hold emergency meeting on 'Iran violations' at Saudi request
The Arab League will hold an extraordinary meeting on Sunday at the request of Saudi Arabia to discuss "violations" committed by Iran in the region, according to a memorandum. Bahrain and ...
Students of war
Girls attend a war safety awareness campaign, given by Civil Defence members, inside a school in the rebel held besieged city of Douma, in the eastern Damascus suburb of Ghouta, Syria. (Reuters)
Khairallah Samadi, a consultant of Qassem Soleimani, the head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards' elite Quds Force, was killed after he was injured by a mortar splinter during battles between Syrian regime forces and ISIS in Albu Kamal, east of Syria, Iranian media outlets reported.
Samadi was a retired member of Ansar al-Mahdi Brigade in Zanjan, north of Iran, and he participated in the Iranian-Iraqi war between 1980 and 1988, the Iranian reports added.
Last Update: Sunday, 19 November 2017 KSA 08:48 - GMT 05:48
The Arab League will hold an extraordinary meeting on Sunday at the request of Saudi Arabia to discuss "violations" committed by Iran in the region, according to a memorandum.
Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates supported the Saudi request, which was also approved by Djibouti, the current chair of the pan-Arab bloc.
Tensions have been rising between Saudi Arabia and Iran, including over League members Qatar and Lebanon.
According to the memo, the Saudi request was based on a missile the kingdom says its air defenses intercepted near Riyadh after being fired from Yemen on November 4.
In its request for the meeting of Arab foreign ministers, Saudi Arabia referred to those two incidents "in addition to the violations committed by Iran in the Arab region, which undermines security and peace, not only in the Arab region, but around the globe," according to the memo.
Last Update: Sunday, 19 November 2017 KSA 08:07 - GMT 05:07
Al Arabiya's correspondent in Yemen reported that the legitimate forces are moving towards the Directorate of Arhab after taking control of nearly ninety percent of the Directorate of Nahm.
The latest progress was accompanied by other progression towards the Directorate of Erb in Sanaa towards Qutbin, Bani Mohammed and Masura amid major engineering effort to the construction of mountain roads and de-mining.
The national army advanced towards al-'Arqat, al-Madfoun, Qudah and Da'a in the direction of the Khawlan and Bani Hashish, to join the fronts towards Nqail Ben Ghilan - the most important goals before reaching the heart of Sanaa.
The progress came under a heavy air cover of the coalition's support for the legitimacy and artillery shelling of the coalition and national army.
In similar context, Yemeni sources reported that Houthi militias kidnapped about 12 civilians from the Directorate of Arhab, north of Sanaa, and blew up three houses.
The sources added that the Houthis attacked several villages in the Directorate, including Beit al-Hafn, Arshan and al-Ghula and launched raids on homes.
These developments come in light of the progress of the National Army in Nahm, which became the outskirts of the Directorate of welcome.
Last Update: Sunday, 19 November 2017 KSA 01:20 - GMT 22:20
Iranian opposition parties and organizations abroad announced a new coalition called the "Iranian Democrats Council" aimed at "overthrowing the rule of the Guardian Jurist and establishing a pluralistic federal democratic regime with its neighbors and the world," according to its founding statement.
"The structure of the theocratic regime in Tehran cannot be reformed after four decades of authoritarian and sectarian rule based on discrimination, repression against peoples and international risks," the statement, which Al Arabiya received a copy of, read.
The founding conference was attended by the Iranian Democratic Front, the Iranian Kurdistan Party, the Democratic Solidarity Party of Ahwaz, the Azerbaijani Cultural and Political Center, the Kurdistan Democratic Party, the Baluchistan People's Party, the Turkmen Political Cultural Center, the United Front of Baluchistan and the Bakhtiari and Luristan Federation, as well as a number of trade unions, civil society activists and independent political figures.
The statement stressed that "the only way out of the current crisis is to overthrow the Iranian Islamic Republic regime, which will take place through the understanding and the unifying of the Democratic and liberal forces without specifying the organizational and individual positions taking into consideration the historical and the contemporary facts of the Iranian society".
The Iranian Democrats Council called for the unification of all streams of democratic and liberal opposition along with the nationalist parties to form a front to overthrow the religious and national ruling regime in Iran.
The council declared its "full support for the actions of peoples, nationalities, women, workers' movements, peasants, teachers, students, environmentalists, children's rights organizations, organizations defending the rights of political prisoners, calling for the abolition of the death penalty, freedom of political and civil organizations and trade unions all over the country."
The council also stressed the overthrow of the Islamic Republic regime by confronting it peacefully to establish a democratic and federal regime and to divide the political powers and economic resources among the various peoples in Iran.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:29 - GMT 19:29
Egyptian human rights and labor lawyer Khaled Ali is so far the only candidate to announce that he will challenge a likely bid by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in next year's presidential elections.
Unlike 2012, when he was a latecomer in joining a fierce presidential race at the time, Ali has been an early bird in announcing his bid to run for presidency in 2018.
From a coffee shop worker to a fierce lawyer, here's a look back at Khalid Ali's career life.
Early life
Ali was born on Feb. 26, 1972, in the village of Meet Yaeesh, the place of his origin, which is found in the Egyptian governorate of Dakhalia. He is the second sibling among five girls and three boys.
He joined law school in Egypt's University of Zagazig in 1990 and graduated in 1994.
During his school years, he would work in the summer to help his family. He worked as a porter who carries rice, then in a biscuit factory, and a worker in a coffee shop called Sphinx.
Upon graduating from college, he conducted an unpaid internship at a local law firm.
He got married in 2002 and has two children, a daughter named Amina and a son called Omar.
Fierce opposition lawyer
Ali made a name for himself by being a lawyer fighting for labor rights and a promoter of social justice.
He established the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights in 2009 and formerly served as its executive director. In 2010, he won a case against an executive who exploited the rights of his workers.
Ali was also known to be an outspoken critic of the regime of Hosni Mubarak regime.
In 1999, he was a founding member of the independent Hisham Mubarak Law Center, where he worked to provide legal support for detained and imprisoned anti-Mubarak activists.
Mubarak's security forces stormed the center's office and arrested Ali for several days in early February 2011, during the leader's last days in office. They accused him of organizing illegal revolutionary activities.
A face from the revolution
Ali has been one of many figures at the forefront of the revolution that began on January 25, 2011 and led to Mubarak's ouster 18 days later.
He was often seen leading marches and chanting the revolution's major slogans, calling for "bread, freedom and social justice."
When he took part in the 2012 presidential elections, he was the youngest candidate, and the last one to join the race.
In the elections he came in seventh place out of 13 candidates, with average of 134,000 votes.
He now leads the leftwing Bread and Freedom Party, eight of whose members have been arrested since April on charges including "misusing social media to incite against the state" and insulting the president.
Presidential bid at stake
Ali raised a few eyebrows by announcing his presidential bid last week, increasing speculations regarding whether he stands a fair chance in the elections, provided his not barred from polls.
His presidential bid is legally at stake because a Cairo court sentenced him in September to three months in jail over an allegedly rude hand gesture deemed a public indecency.
The court ordered him to pay 1,000 Egyptian pounds to remain outside pending his appeal.
The prominent lawyer denied the charges, claiming they are politically motivated.
But if the guilty verdict is upheld he will not be allowed to run, even if he is not jailed.
Although President Sisi hasn't formally confirmed that he would run again in 2018, he is widely expected to run for re-election this April.
In remarks to Al Arabiya English, Egyptian analyst Amr Hashem cast doubt on Ali's ability to get far at all in the polls, saying any candidate has to have the military's blessing to stand a chance in the coming elections.
-This article includes background information from Reuters, Egypt Independent, Tahrir News
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 10:07 - GMT 07:07
Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not reflect the viewpoint of Al Arabiya English.
The importance of Hezbollah for Iran as an overseas fighting force, which operates alongside its own military, cannot be underestimated. Since its establishment in Lebanon in the early 1980s by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) and Quds Force, Hezbollah has fought wars and carried out deadly attacks against civilians in foreign lands that have proven its worth as a terror group.
Terrorist attacks carried out by Hezbollah, which have targeted various nations over the years, can only be construed as attacks carried out by the Iranian administration through proxy. As by using its Quds Force, the regime itself can claim plausible deniability from its deeds, which it has done for many decades.
Iran's imperialist designs
It seems that Iran's hawkish leadership is currently working hard to revive its long-lost Persian Empire through stealthily applied hegemony. With Iraq always having been at the top of its list of potential conquests, Tehran is taking advantage of Iraqi government's invite to aid it in the fight against ISIS, and had sent its wily Quds' Force Commander Qassim Suleimani to take up the challenge. As the battle commenced, Suleimani integrated a large force of Iran-backed militias into the ranks of Iraqi armed forces, thereby effectively taking control.
Since the 2003 invasion of Iraq by US coalition forces, Iranians have been actively infiltrating the Iraqi government, gaining influence over a large number of MPs in a bid to turn Iraq into an Iranian satellite state. While in Syria, with the Iranian puppet President Bashar al-Assad on the back foot, Iran's proxy forces and its military were sent in to shore up his regime, and with the dictator's army virtually non-existent, Iran has setup a military headquarters there, in readiness to reinstall their puppet.
But in case of Lebanon, it is Iran's proxy Hezbollah that is doing the infiltrating in a bid to take control of the country through stealth. Through its support of Hezbollah, Iran has gained a powerful foothold in Lebanon. One big advantage for better relations came in the election of Hezbollah ally Michel Aoun as the country's president on 31 October 2016, which left the door open for further Iranian influence. Then through the electoral system — through its 12 seats in parliament and with crucial allies such as President Aoun's Maronite Christian Free Patriotic Movement that controls the Ministry of Defence portfolio, and by working closely with the Shiite party Amal that controls the Ministry of Finance — Hezbollah is now in virtual control of Lebanese politics.
Lebanese military vis-à-vis Hezbollah militia
But Hezbollah's strength doesn't end there. Its military wing is more powerful than the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) and even in recent times the two have been known to work together. The officer in charge of the Lebanese army, who appears to be seeking better relations with the US is Staff Brigadier General Joseph Aoun (no relation to President Michel Aoun). Joseph Aoun had previously commanded the Lebanese 9th Brigade, whose remit was to maintain security of an area skirting the Litani River in south Lebanon, where Hezbollah was required to disarm under Resolution 1701 — of the UN Security Council Resolution that ended the 2006 war between Israel and the Lebanese militia — which Hezbollah has never observed.
On July 2009, a huge blast struck Lebanese village of Khirbet Selm, when an abandoned house — containing a stockpile of rockets, automatic weapons and ammunition that belonged to Hezbollah — exploded in a massive inferno. The incident exposed how the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), as well as the LAF supposedly patrolling the area with a directive to enforce Resolution 1701 to disarm any Hezbollah militia, had failed in their mission. With Israeli IDF having estimated 160 villages across southern Lebanon contained Hezbollah military supplies, whilst carrying out 400 vehicles and air patrols a day, it seems strange that none of the UNIFIL and LAF combined patrols came across any sign of Hezbollah's arms caches.
Although Gen. Aoun seems to be reaching out to the US, he has been known to have close links with Hezbollah, and after being reassigned to the Arsal-Hermel sector in north-eastern Lebanon in 2013, with his duties entailing strengthening of defensive line in an area straddling Syrian border to avert penetrations by Syrian militias, these links strengthened greatly.
With this area having been a Hezbollah stronghold, it would have been inevitable that the LAF would have to cooperate with Hezbollah in some way to enable it to carry out its duties in the area, and with the nearby town of Qusayr and the Qalamoun region being Hezbollah military zones, essential to the paramilitaries deploying forces to fight in Syria, the aid of the LAF would have been vital in securing these logistical supply routes, leaving the LAF open to calls of collusion.
Iran's aid to proxies
Then with Iran having billions of dollars in cash returned to it through signing the nuclear deal, the regime is said to have increased its funding of Hezbollah from $600m annually to $800m. With Hezbollah immersed in criminal activity, hundreds of millions of dollars are also funnelled to the terror group in Lebanon, from its illicit dealings in drug trade, the selling of pirated software, etc. Much of the cash made from these illicit activities, is then laundered through the sale of cars to Africa, through its second-hand car dealerships in the US, the proceeds of which find their way back to Hezbollah's accounts in Lebanon.
By means of this vast finance, with the aid of the Quds Force, Hezbollah has been able to construct a global terrorist network, spanning all continents. Through the use of Iranian embassies, plans have been hatched to hijack planes, detonate numerous vehicle bombs, kidnap dozens of innocent people, as well as assassinate dissidents living abroad, and those considered a threat to the Iranian regime.
As far as Hezbollah's unique position in Lebanon is concerned, Iran sees it as a great success in the export of its Islamic revolution, and to maintain the terror group's military effectiveness, it supplies it with a vast amount of weaponry. As a result of this, Hezbollah can comfortably outgun Lebanese Armed Forces, and with somewhere in the region of 25,000 armed fighters in its ranks, makes it a powerful adversary — should time ever come for the Lebanese government to confront it.
Iran is seeking a land-bridge to Lebanon via Iraq and Syria in order to supply its faithful proxy as well as to move troops and military equipment into the country unobstructed, ready for any future war with Israel, or attacks on targets in the Gulf States. But as things stand, although Hezbollah has made great inroads into the Lebanese Army, the two are still very suspicious of each other.
But on 6 January 2017, Iran sent a high level parliamentary delegation to Beirut, offering to provide the LAF with a substantial package of military aid, at a time when relations with the country seemed to be favorable.
Silencing critics through assassinations
However, it is noteworthy that Hezbollah's critics tend to end up being victims of car blasts, as was the fate of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri, who was assassinated on February 14, 2005 after a fallout with Bashar al-Assad. Recently, there was the episode with Rafik's son Saad Hariri, the Lebanese prime minister who fled to Saudi Arabia after receiving intelligence that there was a plan to assassinate him. Taking into consideration this latest interference, it seems Iranians are stepping up their agenda to take over Lebanon.
There are other signs also that show Iran is back to its old ways against those it views as its enemies. On 27 October 2017, one of its agents bombed a police bus in Bahrain, killing one police officer and injuring eight others. Following the arrest of a suspect, Bahraini authorities uncovered a cell linked to Iranian Revolutionary Guards, which was also said to have been involved in earlier terrorist attacks and a series of other plots to blow up oil pipelines and plans to assassinate public figures in the country.
Whenever Iran has its back to the wall - as it is experiencing now under Trump's crackdown - the regime responds by carrying out assassinations and terror attacks, and looking at its proxy's history, such attacks will not be the last.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 07:56 - GMT 04:56
Residents of the Indian capital of Delhi have been through a harrowing experience as persistent blanket of smog has engulfed the city since last week. Even though, on Thursday, air quality improved slightly, but continues to fall under "very poor" category.
The bad air quality in Delhi is not only affecting the people living in the city, but has also forced various diplomats from other countries to move their positions to other Indian states or neighboring countries.
According to reports, Costa Rican ambassador to India Mariela Cruz Alvarez has decided to shift to Bengaluru as she has developed respiratory illness due to "hazardous" air pollution in Delhi. Alvarez has termed the Delhi's air as "unbreathable".
In a blog post on Social media, Alvarez wrote. "I am sick in South India with a serious upper respiratory infection due to New Delhi's unbreathable air. My tropical lungs couldn't take the toll. I will be recovering and resting… It is not funny to see your lungs expelling a dark residue as if I was a smoker — which I am not."
"I work to bring awareness about climate change and now I feel the personal impact of our global lack of awareness. We need to wake up fast. India I love you and it hurts me to see you drowning in loads of plastic and toxic air. Where is the leadership? Clean air and water are basic human rights," Alvarez said in her blog.
Residents have been through a harrowing experience as persistent blanket of smog engulfed the city since last week. (News Bridge)
Blame game
While people suffer, authorities have been busy playing the blame game. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal blamed the neighboring states of Haryana and Punjab for the air pollution mess in Delhi.
"I urge Punjab and Haryana to stop their farmers from burning crop stubble to clear their fields for the next sowing season. This stubble burning is the primary reason for the thick, toxic fog that has enveloped the national capital over the last few days," Kejriwal told reporters in Delhi.
However, on Wednesday, Kejriwal held a nearly 90-minute meeting with Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar's residence in Chandigarh and it primarily focused on air pollution and stubble burning that is a major contributory factor to smog.
"We the chief ministers of Delhi and Haryana are happy to have had a very fruitful meeting at Chandigarh today. We recognized our deep and shared concern over the recent episode of heavy smog in our National Capital Region. We agreed upon the need for action on many measures aimed at preventing its re-occurrence in the winter of 2018," a statement released later said.
Bad air quality has also forced some diplomats to move their positions. (News Bridge)
Weather at a glance
The air quality of the city again dipped on Wednesday, after Tuesday's slight improvement, even though it remained outside the previously recorded "severe plus" category. On Thursday it again improved but continues to fall under "very poor category".
The 24-hour average air quality index (AQI) of the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) was 361, which still falls in the "very poor" category with real-time monitors indicating the maximum levels of PM2.5 touched 450 - as compared to Tuesday when it was 308, the best in a week.
The safe level of PM 2.5 is 60 while beyond it falls under "hazardous" category.
The safe level of PM 2.5 is 60 while beyond it falls under "hazardous" category. (News Bridge)
Pollution control measures
Environment Pollution Control Authority on Thursday lifted the ban on construction, entry of trucks and four-time hike on parking in and around Delhi - National Capital Region.
The Delhi government's petition to the National Green Tribunal on odd-even, seeking a review of its order withdrawing the exemptions given to two-wheelers and three-wheelers, will also come up before the tribunal on Thursday.
The fresh petition has also sought a direction from the NGT that the neighboring states should also be asked to implement the scheme.
The central government has decided to prepone the introduction of BS-VI grade fuel to 1 April 2018 instead of the earlier deadline of 1 April 2020. (News Bridge)
BS-VI fuel
Desperate times have indeed called for desperate measures. Battling a depleting air quality in the national capital, the central government has decided to prepone the introduction of BS-VI grade fuel to 1 April 2018 instead of the earlier deadline of 1 April 2020.
The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas is also mulling to introduce the BS-VI auto fuels in the whole of National Capital Region, which includes Gurugram and Noida, by 1 April 2019.
The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas is also mulling to introduce the BS-VI auto fuels in the whole of National Capital Region. (News Bridge)
Cause for health loss
Reports after reports have been highlighting the danger posed by high pollution levels, across the country.
According to Lancet Journal report, outdoor air pollution was responsible for six percent of the total disease burden in India in 2016. Disease burden due to air pollution remained high in India between 1990 and 2016, as it caused non-communicable and infectious diseases like cardiovascular, respiratory diseases and infections, it said.
"Pollution led to 2.5 million deaths in India in 2015 - the highest in the world. India is closely followed by China, which saw 1.8 million deaths due to pollution during the year", the report says.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 10:51 - GMT 07:51
The Saudi Electricity Company has ranked 14th among the electricity companies in the world after it topped the list of electric power companies in the Arab countries by market value which reached at the end of September 2017 at about $26.5 bln.
"This rank is a result of the company success during the past few years in developing its policies and strategic plans, and seeking to compete on the global performance indicators through the resettlement of modern technology, and training of engineers and technicians in Saudi Arabia with many institutions and international specialized institutes," a statement on Saudi Press Agency read.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 18:03 - GMT 15:03
Iran has exported 1.2 billion cubic meters of gas to Iraq since late June, the managing director for the Iranian Gas Transmission Company, Saeed Tavakoli, said Saturday, according to SHANA, the website of the Iranian oil ministry.
Iran has planned for the export of up to 25 million cubic meters of gas per day to Baghdad, Tavakoli said.
The neighbors, both members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, initially signed a deal in 2013 for Iran to supply Iraqi power stations, but officials in the past blamed poor security in Iraq for hampering implementation.
Iran signed two contracts to export gas, one for the Iraqi capital Baghdad and the other for southern Iraqi city of Basra, Iranian state media reported in June.
Tavakoli said on Saturday that exports of up to 25 million cubic meters of gas per day to Basra will start as soon as Iraq is ready.
Iran, which has huge gas reserves alongside its oil resources, exports small amounts of gas to Turkey but production has struggled to keep pace with rising domestic consumption.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 20:25 - GMT 17:25
Lebanon's national carrier Middle East Airlines (MEA) on Friday lifted restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes travelling from Beirut to London, the airline said.
Britain implemented curbs on electronic items in the cabin in March on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia in response to unspecified security threats.
Passengers had to check devices larger than a mobile phone such as laptops into the plane's hold.
These devices can as of Friday be carried in the cabin on direct MEA flights from Beirut to London, "provided specific random additional security measures are implemented at the London flight segregated gate," MEA said in a statement.
Britain's Ambassador to Lebanon Hugo Shorter confirmed the ban had been lifted for MEA flights to London with immediate effect on his Twitter page on Friday.
British Airways, which operate the only other direct route from Beirut to London, has not lifted the restrictions, the airline told Reuters on Friday.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 18:35 - GMT 15:35
There are about 70 massive walls erected all across the world with the single aim of separating countries and communities from each other. It is all done under the pretext of 'security', with the real intention often quite the opposite. Several of these walls are built or are in the process of being constructed by Israel over illegally-occupied Palestinian land.
Israel's expertise has grown vastly in the field of wall construction, knowledge that is currently being exported to the United States and other countries. In fact, Israel has fashioned an entire security sector based on its fifty years of illegal military occupation of Palestine. Throughout the years, it has perfected the art of collective punishment, confining millions behind walls, trenches and military checkpoints.
With an entire population held behind various 'security' contraptions, and with wars being launched on a whim, millions of Palestinians have also become subjects for the testing of new Israeli weaponry.
Ironically, Israel's massive security apparatus has not brought the Israeli public a sense of security, nor was it intended to do so. Worse, Israel's wars and walls only accentuated a growing collective sense of isolation, and further fomented the Israeli popular sentiment that the "world is against us." However, it also wrought massive financial returns, which are now successfully branded and marketed all across the world.
Considering that Americans are submerged by their own feeling of insecurity and, at times, panic - thanks to opportunistic politicians and fear-filled media - the US market is becoming a natural home for Israel's security technologies. Billions of dollars have been generated by Israel in both private and public sectors as a result, especially since the terror attacks of Sep. 11, 2001.
While the media had then sold the idea that America's so-called 'war on terror' is a global extension of Israel's own war, Israeli manufactures moved in, cashing in on the American fears. In other words, the 'fear industry' is now becoming most profitable in the US, amid a faltering economy and dwindling salaries.
Policing Americans
Indeed, Israeli footprints are becoming more apparent in the US security apparatus. The harm in this goes beyond politics to infringing upon the rights of ordinary Americans.
US Senate Bill S.720 should have been a wake-up call. The Bill, drafted by the Israel lobby group, American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), as part of its "2017 Lobbying Agenda" is set to punish any individual or company that boycotts Israel for its violation of Palestinian human rights.
Still, protests are largely muted. The mainstream US media is yet to take US lawmakers to task, as hundreds of those elected representatives have already endorsed the deplorable initiative.
The infiltration of the US government is not new. It is only becoming more emboldened due to the absence of enough critical voices that have the ability to create a semblance of balance or a serious debate on the issue.
For years, ordinary US citizens have been far-removed from the entire discussion on Israel and Palestine. The subject felt alien, marred by Hollywood propaganda, religious misconceptions and the lack of any understanding of history.
But in recent years, Israel has become an integral part of American life, even if most people do not spot the Israeli influence.
"In the aftermath of 9/11, Israel seized on its decades-long experience as an occupying force to brand itself as a world leader in counter-terrorism," reported Alice Speri in the Intercept.
The successful branding has earned Israeli security firms billions of dollars. The massive payouts are the result of the exploitation of the American fear of terrorism, while presenting Israel as a successful model combatting terror.
In the last two decades, hundreds of top federal agents and thousands of police officers have, thus far, received training in Israel or through seminars and workshops organized on Israel's behalf.
Groups like AIPAC, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs are, to varying degrees, involved in turning the US police force into militarized units similar to the structure of the Israeli police.
As an occupying power, Israel has blurred the lines between the police and the army. In areas like East Jerusalem in occupied Palestinian, both apparatus behave in a similar manner. They 'shoot to kill' on the slightest 'provocation' or suspicion. Most times, for no reason at all.
Alex Vitale, an author and a Brooklyn College professor of sociology, described the nature of the regular trips made by federal agents and police officers to Israel: "A lot of the policing that folks are observing and being talked to about on these trips is policing that happens in a non-democratic context."
This 'non-democratic context' involves the policing, humiliating and often deliberate murdering of occupied Palestinians. Yet, instead of pressuring Israel to end its illegal and military occupation of the Palestinians, the US government is bringing Israeli 'expertise' to its own cities.
Indeed, the US military-like police phenomenon has made local cops look more like "an occupying force" than individuals sworn to protect the public.
Israel is exporting its occupation tactics to the US, with Israeli military contractors opening subsidiaries across the country, promoting their surveillance technologies, walls, border monitoring equipment and violent tactics.
Walling off Mexicans
An Israeli company, Elta North America (a subsidiary of the Israel Aerospace Industry), was the only foreign company to be awarded a massive sum to produce a prototype for the wall that the US intends to build along the US-Mexico border.
This wall was one of the main pledges made by Trump during his campaign for the White House, with Israel being the first country to rush to support Trump's divisive words.
"President Trump is right. I built a wall along Israel's southern border. It stopped all illegal immigration. Great success. Great idea," tweeted Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, at the time.
Although his support of Trump angered Mexico and many Americans, Netanyahu knew of the lucrative investments in the years ahead only too well. Indeed, US border security has been a major source of revenue for Israeli companies.
One such generous contract was the one granted by the Obama Administration to the Israeli company, Elbit Systems. Valued at $145-million, the company provided surveillance equipment and built towers along the Arizona/Sonora US-Mexico border.
Elbit also reportedly cashed in handsomely from Boeing in 2006 for its part in the "DHS' Strategic Border Initiative."
Magal Security System, the Israeli firm that has helped the Israeli military in tightening the siege on Gaza, is actively involved in the burgeoning US security industry, and was reportedly one of the first companies to pitch building the wall to cut off Mexico from the US.
Israel's illegal tactics are now the model through which the US plans to police its cities, monitor its borders and define its relationship with its neighbors.
But the fact is that Israeli walls are not meant for defense, but rather to annex Palestinian and Arab land, while feeding its own national phobias of 'threats' lurking all around.
While the US' imprudent and violent response to the 9/11 attacks has contributed to existing American fears of the rest of the world, Trump's isolationist policies pave the perfect ground for further Israeli infiltration of American government and society.
The evidence of all of this can now be found in major US cities, its various borders, and the surveillance system that has the potential to monitor every US citizen.
Ramzy Baroud is a journalist, author and editor of Palestine Chronicle. His forthcoming book is 'The Last Earth: A Palestinian Story' (Pluto Press, London). Baroud has a Ph.D. in Palestine Studies from the University of Exeter and is a Non-Resident Scholar at Orfalea Center for Global and International Studies, University of California Santa Barbara. His website is www.ramzybaroud.net.
Last Update: Sunday, 19 November 2017 KSA 07:24 - GMT 04:24
Last week two events injected energy and excitement into what was beginning to look like an anemic end of the year in the Middle East as far as political developments are concerned.
The first event was the decision by the Saudi leadership to create a new mechanism to deal with alleged cases of corruption, embezzlement and influence-peddling.
The sheer number of cases referred to a special court on those charges was enough to capture the headlines. The fact that the 208 people under investigation included princes, prominent bureaucrats, and business tycoons intensified the event's headline-grabbing potential.
But what really attracted world attention was the unexpectedness of the Saudi move.
Few, even among genuine or self-styled experts on Saudi Arabia, expected Riyadh to go right to the heart of the matter rather than dance around the issues as had been the norm in the past.
Some observers, including many in Western think-tanks, warned of the danger of instability inherent in departure from old patterns of behavior.
However, the latest move is in accordance with the kingdom's new strategy aimed at recruiting the concept of change as an ally rather than a threat.
Ending stagnation
It is possible to argue that because old methods didn't produce the desired results, stability, which had been a key asset of the kingdom for decades, had morphed into stagnation. Thus, the new strategy is designed to end stagnation and prepare the path for a new form of stability capable of reflecting changed social, economic and political circumstances of the kingdom.
If Saudi Arabia is genuine in its declared desire to become an active member of the global system the first thing it has to do is to offer the rule of law in the sense understood by most people around the world.
Trying to build an economy beyond oil, Saudi Arabia needs to attract massive foreign investment in both financial and technological domains. And that won't be possible without a strong legal system backed by transparency, competition and equality of opportunities.
And that means putting an end to influence peddling, fake credit-lines secured by pressuring local banks, the grabbing of public land, "sweetheart" agency deals, kickbacks, baksheesh and, in short, the medieval "wasitah" culture.
The dramatic round up of "the usual suspects" shows that the new leadership in Riyadh is ready to cut the Gordian Knot with a hard blow.
Unravelling the Lebanon deal
As for Lebanon, a similar method has been used.
Prime Minister Saad Hariri's resignation ends the "grin-and-bear it" tradition in the face of intolerable situations. Under that method Middle Eastern leaders brush the dirt under fine carpets including at times that, as was the case with Hariri, they have responsibility without power.
Regardless of how Hariri's resignation came about, it has dramatically highlighted the fact that the "deal" made over Lebanon in October 2016 has failed.
Under that "deal", the Islamic Republic in Tehran, operating through its Hezbollah network in Beirut, secured the presidency for Gen. Michel Aoun in exchange for Hariri returning as Prime Minister.
Hariri's resignation could prove useful by posing a crucial question: Should Lebanon re-become Lebanon or should it be a glacis for the Islamic Republic of Iran in its quest for an unattainable regional hegemony? Part of the answer, of course, depends on the Lebanese themselves. They should decide whether or not they want to have two governments, one visible the other semi-visible, two armies, and a master puppeteer laughing at them in Tehran.
Amir Taheri
Soon, however, it became clear that while Aoun and Hariri respectively played the roles of President and Prime Minister, real decisions were taken in Tehran. President Hassan Rouhani made that point clear in a speech in Tehran when he said that "nothing is done" in a number of Arab states, notably Lebanon, without Iran's approval.
Hariri's dramatic departure shows that "this kind of Lebanon" doesn't work.
The current line-up under which a foreign power controls the country through one part of one community among all Lebanese communities is fundamentally flawed and dangerous in the medium and long term.
Lebanon's raison d'etre, and the principal factor in its survival and partial success as a state, has been its system of power-sharing based on respect for diversity.
Whenever one community or a combination of communities tried to exercise exclusive power the country was plunged into turmoil.
In the 1950s the Maronite community tried a power grab which led to inter-communal conflict and foreign military intervention. In the following decade a similar bid was made by pan-Arab elements backed by Nasserist Egypt, again producing conflict and foreign meddling.
The 1975-90 Civil War also had its genesis in foreign intervention through rival local sectarian proxy groups.
In part of that period, Aoun tried to switch Lebanon to the side of Saddam Hussein in Iraq while, backed by Iran, Hafez al-Assad threw Syria's weight behind the rival camp.
Between 1984 and 1990 Aoun wore many hats as Prime Minister, Defense Minister, Foreign Minister, Information Minister and Military Junta chief, often all at the same time. When we first met him in Paris in October 1990 his main message was "saving Lebanon from Syria and Iran."
Aoun's analysis would have been appreciated if he had talked of "saving Lebanon from domination by any foreign power." There are some nations whose chief vocation is to be neutral, acting as buffers among rival power blocs. Switzerland was allowed to form and mature as a safe haven for rival European powers often at war against one another.
Afghanistan was created as a buffer between the Tsarist, British and Persian Empires in Asia. In post-colonial Indochina, the kingdom of Laos played that role until the US sucked it into the Vietnam War as collateral damage. In Latin America, that role has been assigned to Uruguay and in Central America to Costa Rica.
During the Second World War, neutral Sweden provided a channel of communication between the United States and Nazi Germany and a safe haven for people fleeing from the Nazis and the Soviets.
After World War II, by being declared neutral, Austria played a crucial role in the repatriation and/or transfer of millions of refugees across war-shattered Europe.
Iran has done disservice to region
By turning Lebanon into one of its bunkers, Iran has done a great disservice to the whole region not to mention the damage done and could still do to Lebanon.
Hariri's resignation could prove useful by posing a crucial question: Should Lebanon re-become Lebanon or should it be a glacis for the Islamic Republic in its quest for an unattainable regional hegemony?
Part of the answer, of course, depends on the Lebanese themselves. They should decide whether or not they want to have two governments, one visible the other semi-visible, two armies, and a master puppeteer laughing at them in Tehran.
A Lebanon run from Tehran through Hezbollah gunmen is unlikely to attract the investment, the trade, tourism and cultural exchanges that it needs to function as a modern dynamic society.
When Iran itself is denied all those things, how could it provide them for Lebanon? Iranian intervention that contributed to turning Iraq, Syria and Yemen into battlefields could do the same to Lebanon.
This article was first published in Asharq Al-Awsat.
____________________________
Amir Taheri was the executive editor-in-chief of the daily Kayhan in Iran from 1972 to 1979. He has worked at or written for innumerable publications, published eleven books, and has been a columnist for Asharq Al-Awsat since 1987. Mr. Taheri has won several prizes for his journalism, and in 2012 was named International Journalist of the Year by the British Society of Editors and the Foreign Press Association in the annual British Media Awards.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 14:14 - GMT 11:14
What those complaining in Lebanon don't understand, or what they don't want to understand - those from the Free Patriotic Movement, before Nasrallah's supporters - that what is happening in the region is not only a Lebanese story. It's not just one page in the Lebanese story, it's also a page dictating the fate and place of Prime Minister Saad Hariri.
The story is a new regional and international policy designed and implemented against the Iranian Khomeini invasion and role which spoiled the country and its people. It also spread strife and anxiety for three decades. Now it is time to end this dark story, a story that has stripped a lot of energy and effort towards error and misguidance. A story that is followed blindly.
READ ALSO: What Hariri has exposed is an axis of resistance
Followers of the puppeteer in Tehran, the supreme leader and the guardian of Muslims - all Muslims! - see him standing with generals of Khomeini's destruction.
It is a policy of confrontation that does not concern Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates or Bahrain. Instead, it is a policy that is also being formed in the most important international capital, Washington.
This news should be reminded to all those who hustled and bustled about it - and still do - in Lebanon because it conveys the whole Lebanese problem on a wider and further horizon - that is the horizon of the "great confrontation" with the latest Iranian chapter.
A few days ago the US Congress has classified Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba (an Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitary group) as a "terrorist group," calling on President Donald Trump to ban it and ban foreign figures responsible or associated with it for a period of no more than 90 days.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the Iraqi Khomeinist militia said that they have considered, as they do in their usual denial-filled behavior, this categorization as an "honor."
A congress report has found that the "As-Saib Ahl al-Haq and Nujaba are provided training, funding, and arms by the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), IRGC-Quds Force, and mentored by Lebanese Hezbollah." The report also stipulated that "Kabi and other Nujaba commanders have claimed they follow orders from Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei."
This news should be reminded to all those who hustled and bustled about it - and still do - in Lebanon because it conveys the whole Lebanese problem on a wider and further horizon - that is the horizon of the "great confrontation" with the latest Iranian chapter. Lebanon is a scene or single page of this chapter, just like the Houthi page, the Kurdish page in Iraq and other Khomeini pages in Syria.
This is what the Lebanese media has missed or overlooked amidst the circus it has created around Hariri's resignation; and one wonders whether the people really understand the bigger picture? Is the experienced President Michel Aoun aware of the dangers that he is driving Lebanon towards due to his irresponsible approach to the current Lebanese problem and the way he is handling Saad al-Hariri's resignation?
The good thing that is happening to Lebanon, and we all hope so, is that it sincerely and honestly "distances" itself from the region's problems extending from Iraq, to Syria and Bahrain, to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, to Qatar, the UAE and to Egypt.
If not, then turbulence persists amid storms.
This article is also available in Arabic.
___________________
Saudi journalist Mashari Althaydi presents Al Arabiya News Channel's "views on the news" daily show "Maraya." He has previously held the position of a managing senior editor for Saudi Arabia & Gulf region at pan-Arab newspaper Asharq al-Awsat. Althaydi has published several papers on political Islam and social history of Saudi Arabia. He appears as a guest on several radio and television programs to discuss the ideologies of extremist groups and terrorists. He tweets under @MAlthaydy.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 11:57 - GMT 08:57
The Houthis are a small group that lives in North Yemen. Iran embraced them to confront Saudi Arabia and Sanaa's government and as part of its project to plant regional agents like the Lebanese Hezbollah party. The group's command has been linked to the Iranian Revolutionary Guards for more than 20 years now, and it's nothing new like some think.
With time, the Houthis began to bear great resemblance to other Iranian armed groups in the region as they were trained on using weapons, organizing their ranks and spreading propaganda. Iran chose the group's name and slogan.
The Houthis' party is actually called Ansar Allah. Its slogan which is repeated on a daily basis is the same as Iran's: "Death to America. Death to Israel. Damn the Jews. Victory to Islam."
ALSO READ: Hundreds of detainees in Yemen tortured to death in Houthi prisons
The Houthis' are different from Hezbollah in the fact that they constitute a small number in Yemen, as they are less than 5 percent of the population. The Iranians sought to support them while relying on the more advanced Lebanese Hezbollah party.
Hezbollah is thus managing the Houthis' affairs in Yemen and is making use of its long military, social and propaganda experience in Lebanon. It is preparing the Houthis to control Yemen. This is why we have seen the Houthis' develop their skills in using weapons, including ballistic missiles, in the past three years.
This is in addition to forced recruitment operations as the Houthis do not hesitate to execute those who refuse to fight for them and to kill the parents of the escaped recruits.
Targeting the Houthis via aerial bombardment alone will not end their threat and an effort will have to be made to study the organization's nature and activities on the ground Abdulrahman al-Rashed
Local commanders
A Yemeni friend told me that the Houthis assign local commanders in the areas they seize, recruit children between the ages 11 and 17 and execute those who reject recruitment as part of their intimidation policy to subjugate tribal areas which could not be controlled by any authority before.
He also said that the Houthis' propaganda resembles the Iranian Revolutionary Guards' as they convince young people that by fighting Saudi Arabia, they would be fighting America and Israel. He added that the Houthis make small transistor radios available due to power outages and lack of television sets in rural areas.
The Houthis closed 15 dailies and 9 public and private television stations. They only kept two channels that are affiliated with them. Iran taught its recruitment and ideological experiences to its Houthi followers in Yemen and trained them on how to collect money and other financial resources. The availability of money is the secret to the Houthis' capability to continue fighting.
Most funds are collected via checkpoints that are used to impose taxes on individuals, vehicles and merchandise on areas they control through the power of arms. They also control the Hodeidah port, which is Yemen's major naval path, and own almost all oil filling stations.
ALSO READ: Yemeni killed in Houthi prison showed signs of torture, advocacy group says
Members of the Lebanese Hezbollah party handled the organization and planning process for their Houthi brothers, which are considered underdeveloped in in their structure as most of their middle leaders are illiterate.
Considering the small size of the group, the biggest challenge is related to extending domination via alliances, forced recruitment and ideologically convincing people, particularly young men, of their cause and letting them spread panic among people in areas they control.
The Houthis resemble ISIS a lot. Both are actually terrorist groups in terms of ideologies and practices. Their philosophy is based on submitting to leadership and propagating terror. We've previously seen how ISIS, despite its small size, seized control of heavily populated areas in Iraq and Syria and of cities whose population is more than 1 million, like Mosul.
It was not possible to liberate these cities without international military efforts. Targeting the Houthis via aerial bombardment alone will not end their threat and an effort will have to be made to study the organization's nature and activities on the ground.
This article is also available in Arabic.
__________________
Abdulrahman al-Rashed is the former General Manager of Al Arabiya News Channel. A veteran and internationally acclaimed journalist, he is a former editor-in-chief of the London-based leading Arab daily Asharq al-Awsat, where he still regularly writes a political column. He has also served as the editor of Asharq al-Awsat's sister publication, al-Majalla. Throughout his career, Rashed has interviewed several world leaders, with his articles garnering worldwide recognition, and he has successfully led Al Arabiya to the highly regarded, thriving and influential position it is in today. He tweets @aalrashed.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 09:16 - GMT 06:16
Singer Harry Styles and R&B star Miguel will perform at the Victoria's Secret fashion show in Shanghai on Monday.
People magazine reports that Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. and Chinese singer Jane Zhang will also perform at the Mercedes-Benz Arena. The show will air Nov. 28 on CBS.
Karlie Kloss and Bella Hadid are among the 55 models participating. Gigi Hadid said she will not be walking in the show, a few months after Chinese internet users accused her of racist behavior.
It was not immediately clear whether Hadid had been denied a visa. It is not uncommon for entertainers to be denied visas by Chinese authorities for political reasons.
The fashion show's executive producer tells People they've been granted more than 700 visas for the event.
Last Update: Sunday, 19 November 2017 KSA 23:02 - GMT 20:02
An Indian medical student was crowned Miss World at a glitzy event in a Chinese resort on Saturday, making her country the joint-most successful in the beauty pageant's history.
Manushi Chhillar is the sixth Indian winner of the long-running contest, following in the footsteps of Bollywood actresses Priyanka Chopra and Aishwarya Rai.
Her win brings India level with Venezuela as the countries with most victories in the history of the pageant, now in its 67th edition.
Chhillar, 20, is a trained Indian classical dancer who also enjoys painting and hopes to open a chain of non-profit hospitals in rural areas, according to the Miss World website.
"Thank you, everyone, for your constant love, support," and prayers she wrote on Twitter. "This one's for India."
Chhillar's victory rapidly became a top trending topic on the social media platform in India after the announcement, with Manohar Lal Khattar -- the minister of her home state of Haryana -- among the first to offer congratulations.
Chhillar was handed the crown by last year's winner, Stephanie del Valle of Puerto Rico, at the ceremony in the Chinese coastal city of Sanya on Saturday night.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 19:13 - GMT 16:13
Tunisian-born designer Azzedine Alaia, an iconoclast whose clingy dresses marked the 1980s and who dressed famous women from Hollywood to the White House, has died at age 77.
The French Haute Couture Federation announced Alaia's death on Saturday without providing details. Twitter tributes to his influence on fashion poured in from around the world.
Secretive and known as a fashion rebel, Alaia was based in Paris for decades but did not take part in the French capital's seasonal fashion frenzy or flashy ad campaigns. Instead, he showed privately on his own schedule.
Alaia sometimes was dubbed the "king of cling" for the formfitting designs he first popularized during the 1980s and updated over the decades.
A visitor looks at "Bustier crocodile" of Haute Couture Spring Summer 2003 collections by French Tunisian born Fashion designer Azzedine Alaia, presented for the first Paris retrospective of couturier at Museum of Modern Art in Paris, on Sept. 25, 2013. (AP)
Naomi Campbell was a favored model, and Michelle Obama wore his designs as first lady.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 18:21 - GMT 15:21
Pictures of young Saudi boy Khalid al-Shaery have surfaced across various social media platforms showing his dramatic weight loss transformation.
The inspiring young man in his 20s went down from 608kg to 68kg.
Shaery's supervisor, Professor Ayedh al-Qahtani, published a video showcasing his progress through various stages of the weight loss journey.
Khalid after weight loss. (Supplied)
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 12:51 - GMT 09:51
WARNING - GRAPHIC FOOTAGE
After an amateur football match came to a close, conflict between supporters of the losing team and the winning players resulted in killing a supporter in cold blood in Fresnillo, Mexico on Wednesday.
The incident took place around 2 p.m. local Mexican time.
The 40-year-old victim, Gerardo, was defending the winning team under attack by throwing stones on the attackers when he was shot to death.
Gerardo died on his way to the hospital.
In the video, Gerardo appears to be in red while his attacker was dressed in black. There was another suspected culprit with the attacker.
Police official of Zacatecas state, Marco Fargas, said that the suspected killers escaped with a group of people in two cars.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 10:32 - GMT 07:32
A Pakistani national has returned to his home country after 12 years of imprisonment in India, a news report has revealed.
According to a GEO News report, Khalid Parvez, 50, was handed over to Pakistani security officials at the Wagah Border in Lahore, from where he left for his native city Narowal.
Parvez had travelled to India in 2005 to attend a cricket match but was later arrested from Gurdaspur in 2006 on charges of illegally overstaying in the country, said the report.
Hina was born in a prison in Amritsar and was handed over to Pakistan's authorities at the Wagah border. (AFP)
Earlier this month, it was reported that an 11-year-old girl, Hina, born in a jail in India, was among the 13 prisoners released to go home. Hina was born in a prison in Amritsar and was handed over to Pakistan's authorities at the Wagah border.
Earlier this month, on November 2, the Indian government repatriated two Pakistani sisters after they spent 11 years in an Indian prison.One of the sisters' daughter, who was born in the jail, was also with them.
The two sisters, Fatima and Mumtaz, and their mother Rasheedan Bibi went to India via Samjhota Express in 2006, where they were arrested on charges of smuggling drugs.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 13:29 - GMT 10:29
Passenger pigeons were once so plentiful they could darken the daytime sky when they flew over North America, but oddly, their abundance may have played a role in their extinction, researchers said Thursday.
Though it may seem counter-intuitive, the pigeons (Ectopistes migratorius), evolved quickly and in the process, lost certain traits that might have been useful for surviving in smaller groups, said the study in the journal Science.
The findings have implications for other creatures threatened by swift changes in the world around them. "Our results suggest that even species with large and stable population sizes can be at risk of extinction after a sudden environmental change," said the study led by Beth Shapiro, a professor at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
Numbering three to five billion before they began to decline in the 1800s due to a surge in hunting, these social birds were once "the most abundant bird in North America, and possibly the world," said the report.
And although large populations of animals tend to be genetically quite diverse, researchers were stunned by their analysis of four extinct pigeon genomes, which were compared to two modern carrier pigeons. They found that passenger pigeon diversity was "surprisingly low," said the study.
PHOTOS: What football is to Brazilians, falconry is to the Gulf
Researchers also found areas of very high diversity in the genomes, which told researchers the birds had been around for 20,000 years or more -- another surprise. The last passenger pigeon died in a US zoo in 1914.
Until now, the prevailing theory was the birds went extinct due to a booming commercial hunting industry that forced their populations to become demographically isolated, leading to lots of inbreeding, lower genetic diversity and weaker health.
But the latest findings suggest the reason was more complex. The birds evolved quickly and may have adapted to large social groups, hunting and breeding together. Flying in gargantuan masses, their sheer size protected them against predators.
But in smaller groups, the theory goes, these defenses fell short, leading the birds' relatively quick die-off in the matter of a few decades.
"Passenger pigeons may have evolved traits that were adaptive when their population was large but that made it more difficult for them to survive after their population was diminished by the commercial harvest," said the report.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 10:07 - GMT 07:07
AS Roma won the first derby since the retirement of their talismanic playmaker Francesco Totti when Radja Nainggolan's goal gave them a 2-1 win over Lazio on Saturday.
Both sides scored from penalties with Diego Perotti converting for Roma and Ciro Immobile for Lazio, his 15th league goal of the season.
The result ended Lazio's run of nine successive wins in all competitions while Roma clocked up their sixth win in a row.
It also enabled Roma to move above Lazio to third in Serie A with 30 points from 12 games, two ahead of their neighbors.
Totti, who retired last season after 25 years with Roma which included a record 44 derby appearances, watched from the stands.
After a goalless first half, Roma quickly took control as Perotti and Nainggolan scored in a four-minute spell.
Perotti converted a penalty after Lazio defender Bastos tripped Aleksandar Kolarov, then Nainggolan scored with a low diagonal shot from outside the box.
Roma needlessly conceded a penalty when Kostas Manolas, under no pressure in the area, tried to cushion a cross on his chest but the ball hit his upper arm.
After consulting the video assistant referee (VAR), the referee pointed to the spot and Immobile smashed the ball home in the 72nd minute.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:52 - GMT 19:52
La Liga leaders Barcelona will be short of options in defense for next Sunday's top-of-the-table clash with Valencia after Gerard Pique was suspended for the game by picking up a fifth booking of the season against Leganes on Saturday.
Pique's absence comes after Argentina international Javier Mascherano was ruled out for a month with a muscle injury, leaving coach Ernesto Valverde with only two defenders for the crucial trip to the Mestalla in Samuel Umtiti and Thomas Vermaelen.
Injury-prone Belgium defender Vermaelen, 32, has not played a minute of action for Barca this season and has only been named as a substitute in three games. He has, however, played five of Belgium's last six internationals, starting their recent friendlies against Mexico and Japan.
Barcelona beat Leganes 3-0 with a double from Luis Suarez and an injury time strike from Paulinho to move seven points clear of Valencia, who can reduce the deficit back to four when they visit Espanyol on Sunday.
"It was something that could have happened and it did, there's nothing we can do about it," said Valverde.
"The most important thing was to win today, we'll start thinking about Valencia soon."
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:47 - GMT 19:47
Paris St Germain's unstoppable march towards the Ligue 1 title continued when Edinson Cavani's double inspired them to a 4-1 home win against Nantes on Saturday.
Cavani netted either side of half-time as Javier Pastore and Angel Di Maria also scored to put the unbeaten capital side on 35 points from 13 games, six ahead of second-placed Monaco after the champions were held to a 1-1 at Amiens on Friday.
Nantes, who are fifth on 23 points, scored through Prejuce Nakoulma as Claudio Ranieri's team faltered under pressure.
The visitors got off to a solid start but cracked before half-time.
Cavani opened the scoring with a clinical finish from inside the box after being perfectly set up by Pastore.
It was the Uruguay striker's 14th goal after 13 games in the league, the best tally in the French championship since Dick van Dijk with Nice in the 1972-73 season.
Di Maria doubled the advantage three minutes later with a curled cross that nobody could connect with and ended up in the back of the net at the far post.
Nakulma reduced the arrears on the hour mark from close range but Nantes' hopes were short lived.
Five minutes later, Pastore restored a two-goal advantage for the hosts with a powerful shot after being set up by Marco Verratti's through ball.
Cavani put the game to bed 11 minutes from time, poking the ball home from a packed goal-mouth.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:30 - GMT 19:30
Shkodran Mustafi and Alexis Sanchez scored first-half goals for Arsenal in a 2-0 victory over Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday, as the Gunners looked to restore a sense of supremacy in north London after a disastrous campaign last season.
Mustafi's header looped over the Spurs defense from a disputed free kick and goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was unable to get anywhere near the ball as it pinged off the crossbar into the goal in the 36th minute.
Sanchez's goal came five minutes later after Alexandre Lacazette's run down the right. The forward put in a crisp cross, which Sanchez had trouble controlling at first as it bounced down off his knee. But the Chilean composed himself at the near post to fire the ball over Lloris, who hesitated coming off his line to deal with the danger.
Just when Spurs fans thought the balance of power had irreversibly shifted in north London, Arsenal turned back the clock to offer a glimpse of its past dominance. There was slick passing, the three Arsenal forwards galloped past Spurs defenders with ease at times, and the usually shaky back line managed to hold its nerve this time.
Tottenham had come into this match on a high, sitting third - three places above Arsenal - in the league and finishing in front of the Gunners last season for the first time in more than two decades. Spurs are in the Champions League this season - and Arsenal in the Europa League - and impressed the football world with a shock win over Real Madrid in the group stage.
Spur stars fail to shine
But Arsenal was the bigger side on Saturday, managing to shut down star players Harry Kane, Dele Alli and Christian Eriksen to claim bragging rights in north London. Eriksen looked nothing like the player who scored a hat trick for Denmark against Ireland during the international break.
Before the match, many observers sniggered when Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger claimed his side wasn't the underdog going into this fixture.
But it was Wenger who had the smug look on his face at the final whistle, while Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino appeared dejected after suffering his first Premier League defeat in a north London derby during his more than three-year tenure.
The only boos Wenger got Saturday was when he made a defensive substitution, taking off the prolific Lacazette for holding midfielder Francis Coquelin. There were even ironic cheers from Arsenal fans for Kane and Alli, when they were taken off with 15 minutes to go after a poor showing from both.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 18:08 - GMT 15:08
Al Arabiya News Channel is preparing the most sophisticated, technical and visual coverage of the United States elections ever seen from an Arab news channel.
Headquartered in the Middle East Broadcast Channel's main building in Dubai, UAE, Al Arabiya plans on using the 30-meter-high building itself as a video wall, and the famous Media City lake will be transformed into a football stadium.
In addition, audience will follow the updates through the world's largest live interactive map projected on the lake, extending to 100,000 sq. ft.
Al Arabiya has partnered with a company to make use of the latest camera technologies in using the spider cameras normally used in live coverage in football stadiums.
"During the past elections, we made use of immersive graphics and live data but for the 2016 US Elections, we thought differently," says Al Arabiya's Senior Manager of on air graphics Fadi Radi.
Audience will follow the updates through the world's largest live interactive map extending to 100,000 sq ft. (Al Arabiya)
"There are new technologies these days that have opened new horizons for us and we've been planning on how to execute this plan since January he added.
Editorially, the man in charge of leading Al Arabiya's coverage on Nov. 8 is Senior Producer Mahmoud Rawashdeh. He says that the planning for this year's election started over 11 months ago as the newsroom looked at ways to tackle the coverage given the unprecedented choices of candidates.
"On the one hand we have a controversial candidate like Donald Trump and another contentious candidate in Secretary Hillary Clinton. Both are the most unpopular nominees to fight for the presidency in modern history," said Rawashdeh.
While other news stories like the battle for Mosul are still dominating the headlines, Rawashdeh says the Arab world is expecting to follow the elections to the core.
"This election is not only about Trump and Clinton as the congressmen US citizens vote for will obviously have an impact on Middle Eastern politics," he added.
That is why Al Arabiya will dedicate first-of-a-kind visual graphics of the Capitol Hill and the White House that will take the viewers into each institution and explain, visually, the inner workings of American democracy in a coverage that will rival giant sports games in stadium-like environment.
Last Update: Tuesday, 8 November 2016 KSA 16:14 - GMT 13:14
An opinion poll by the Arab Center for Research and Policy Studies in Washington and that included nine Arab countries revealed that 68 percent of the Saudis prefer that Hillary Clinton wins the presidential elections while 46 percent thought Donald Trump was bad.
The nine countries included Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Kuwait, Morocco, Jordan, Palestine (the West Bank and the Gaza Strip), Saudi Arabia and Tunisia and an average of 400 people from each country participated in the questionnaire.
Asked which of the candidates will positively influence the US policy towards the Arab region, 65 percent of the Saudis said Clinton's victory will positively impact the Arab region.
The Arab public opinion prefers Clinton's win by 66 percent while 11 percent prefer Trump's victory. The highest percentage in support of Clinton winning the presidency was in Morocco and Tunisia while the least percentage in favor of Clinton's victory was in Palestine and Iraq. Meanwhile, the highest percentage in favor of Trump winning was in Iraq and Egypt.
Asked about the issues which the upcoming American president must focus on, those interviewed by the poll said the first priority was not intervening in Arab countries' affairs. Other priorities included combating ISIS, resolving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, resolving the Syrian crisis and resolving the crisis in Yemen.
*This article can also be viewed in arabic on AlArabiya.net
Last Update: Monday, 14 November 2016 KSA 13:27 - GMT 10:27
Arab-Americans, who wanted to see Bernie Sanders - an anti-establishment icon - in the White House as their new US president, are now edging toward his party's nominee Hillary Clinton. There are also those among Bernie supporters whose idea of "anti-establishment" vote is now the Republican candidate Donald Trump.
But those who feel stuck between a rock and a hard place between Clinton, seen as the epitome of establishment with a pro-Israel stance, and Trump, who has long been criticized for being a hatemonger and an Islamophobe, are rejecting "the lesser than the two evil" argument by choosing the US Green Party's presidential candidate Jill Stein.
"Arab Americans, among the likely voters, are 60 percent voting for Clinton and 26 percent for Trump," James Zogby, founder and president of the Arab American Institute (AAI), gave Al Arabiya English, his organization's latest poll figures. AAI, which carries policy research on Arab Americans, expects Stein to get only three percent from these likely Arab American voters and three percent for those who have not decided still.
Sanders was hugely popular among Arab Americans especially in Michigan's Dearborn city, which has the highest concentration of Arabs in the United States. In Michigan, a northeastern swing state, Sanders, 75, won almost 60 percent of the vote, overcoming rival Clinton, 69.
There was a revolution-like-movement because of Bernie Sanders, but as soon as the democratic nominee was announced, hearts were crushed and hopes, lost Virgina-based Shahla Shahnawaz has previously campaigned for Sanders, and now is planning to vote for Trump.
Arab Americans saw in Bernie, who has a Jewish background, their best option when he condemned Islamophobia in an hour-long address and most importantly vowed to show partiality and not to take sides in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinians' rights and statehood has traditionally been a major concern for Arab Americans.
Zogby, who was an avid Sanders' campaigner and a member of the Executive Committee of the Democratic National Committee, is now supporting Clinton, taking a similar stance to that of President Barack Obama and Sanders himself. But the Arab-American scholar on Middle East issues admits that his support for Clinton "is not the same as it was for Bernie."
James Zogby, founder and president of the Arab American Institute (AAI), says he is supporting Clinton because she is a Democrat. (Photo: YouTube screengrab)
"Our poll found out that 20 percent of Clinton supporters are supporting her because they are Democrat," he said, explaining his reason for supporting Clinton. He added: "Another 20 percent [are voting for her] because they support her domestic agendas, and about a third are supporting her because they are voting against Trump."
"I think she [Clinton] is tough, smart, qualified to push for democratic agenda, in particular on issues of concern to the broad [Democratic] coalition, which I am a part. I think that is important," he said, reiterating: "We don't just vote for candidates; you vote for coalition."
Zogby calls for more support to the Democrats and its coalition for the protection of "civil rights" and safeguarding of minority groups such as African Americans and Latinos. "All of those groups are horrified by Donald Trump, and they feel very strongly to a Democrat in the White House is the best option."
"I negotiated with the Clinton people on the [Democrat party's] platform, and we found compromise language on a great number of issues," Zogby said. According to him, they were able to insert language on refugees, increase number of refugees and increase rights of undocumented immigrants who are already here and opening the process for protected stay from war-torn areas for Syrians and Iraqis.
Zogby, who has been involved in the Democratic party platform for the past three decades, said he negotiated in this platform to talk about "Palestinian dignity" and the right for Palestinians to govern themselves. However, "we did not get the language we want. We could not get [illegal Israeli] settlement and occupation. But we got more positive language than what we had before," he added.
Rayyan Najeeb, a Syrian-Palestinian-American healthcare business owner, is opting for Clinton "given Bernie's endorsement" despite what she described as the continued aid to Israel "at the human rights cost of Palestinian lives" irrespective of who is the next US president.
Wafa Berry of Dearborn, Mich. waits in line to enter a rally for Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., Monday, March 7, 2016, in Dearborn, Mich. (AP)
'Lesser than the two evil' rejectionists
Other Sanders supporters beg to differ. Amer Zahr, an adjunct professor at University of Detroit Mercy School of Law, who is also a standup comedian, rejects the "lesser evil than Trump" argument, saying "there is no reason to vote" for Clinton.
Instead, Zahr is bucking for Stein. Describing his choice as a "protest vote," Zahr said: "If you hold a principle that the two-party [Democrat and Republican] monopoly is disenfranchising and fundamentally unfair, then your vote should reflect as much."
"I am protesting against the corrupt system that has given us Trump and Clinton. Against the system that stifled the Sanders movement," he said, explaining Sanders loss to "broken, rigged system." Of a Palestinian origin, Zahr said he cannot vote for Clinton, who repeatedly called Jerusalem, including Eastern Jerusalem - considered future capital for the Palestinian state if recognized - as Israel.
"Most importantly, I cannot set aside the destruction of Palestine and the constant bombing of my greater Arab brethren to help elect a candidate who has pledged to only worsen those two critical situations," he said.
Amer Zahr, an adjunct professor at University of Detroit Mercy School of Law, is bucking for Stein. He describes his choice as a "protest vote." (Photo: YouTube screengrab)
Lina Eid - an International Affair's Student and writer for The Odyssey - is also voting for Stein even though she "completely understands that it will merely make a difference." Like Zahr, Eid criticizes the two-party system, describing it as "no longer functional."
"I could never simply vote for Hillary because she is considered 'the lesser of two evils,'" she said, adding "as an Arab-Palestinian, I could never forgive myself for taking part in electing her."
Lina Eid, a Palestinian American, can never see herself voting for Clinton given her pro-Israeli stance. (Photo: supplied)
From Bernie supporter to Trump backer
American-Pakistani-Bahraini, Shahla Shahnawaz, who has campaigned for Sanders, also rejects the "lesser than the two evils" ratiocinative. But the Virginia-based Shahnawaz is now voting for Trump.
While Shahnawaz "truly believes" Trump is "incapable of being the president" and that "he will end up being impeached or leaving by choice," the 26-year-old mulls her decision as a possible thunderbolt to "wake up" American Muslims.
She said the shock emanating from Trump being president will help American Muslims and other minorities "to wake up from their passiveness toward politics and finally be involved actively in American politics."
"Yes, it will be a lot of work, but it is usually during disasters that people unite," she said. "I am hopeful that Trumps will cause many to unite against Trump." Calling this year as an "emotional roller coaster" for many American Muslims, Shahnawaz, finds herself "unconvinced" by calls both by Obama and Sanders himself to stand behind Clinton.
Clinton "has the blood of thousands of innocent children on her hand, like her husband Bill Clinton did in Rawanda," she said. In 1994, during the Rwandan genocide, former President Bill Clinton's administration pushed for the reduction of the UN peacekeeping mission in Rwanda from over 2,500 troops to 270.
Shahnawaz also blames Clinton, who was the US Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013, to leading the "destabilization of Iraq, Libya, and several other regions."
"There was a revolution-like-movement because of Bernie Sanders, but as soon as the democratic nominee was announced, hearts were crushed and hopes, lost," she lamented, expressing the overwhelming sentiments of Bernie supporters, who touted the slogan "Feel the Burn" in quest to change the status-quo.
(Additional reporting by Ismaeel Naar)
Last Update: Tuesday, 8 November 2016 KSA 15:51 - GMT 12:51
WATCH: 360° video of the Saudi Eurofighter Typhoon jet
Wednesday, 15 November 2017
Check out the Eurofighter Typhoon on display at the Dubai Airshow this week.
It's a twin-engine jet, designed as an 'air superiority fighter' - meaning it was made to establish dominance over an enemy's air force
In 2017, 72 Typhoons were delivered to Saudi Arabia.
Its maximum speed at altitude is 1,550 mph.
At sea level, it can go up to 950 mph.
The jet's combat radius for a ground attack is also impressive.
Latest editions of the Typhoon are better equipped to undertake air-to-surface strike missions
and are compatible with an increasing number of armaments and equipment.
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally
Amir Taheri
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally
Amir Taheri
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally
Amir Taheri
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally
Amir Taheri
You know something is off in Justice League from the opening scene. It's a flashback, and Superman is talking to a child. What does he say? I couldn't tell you. I can't even remember the child. All I could look at is Superman's mouth as he talked. Computer-generated lips move on top of Henry Cavill's face. What is this sloppy mess? Surely it won't continue to be like this?
At least they have an excuse. Director Zack Snyder, who helmed both the Superman reboot Man of Steel and its sequel Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice, bowed out after principal photography early in 2017 after a horrible family tragedy. Joss Whedon (Avengers), who had been brought in to punch up the script in reshoots, ended up taking the helm, saddled with the unenviable task of honoring the vision of someone in mourning, while at the same time fixing as many of its issues as he could. Even Cavill's bizarre digital mouth has an explanation—because reshoots coincided with the filming of Mission: Impossible 6, he couldn't trim his mustache, and had to have it CGI-ed out. Much like most of what CGI does, it sounds better on paper than it looks on screen.
Whose vision does the film end up being? While some jokes are unmistakably Whedon's, this is Snyder's film—the tone and story that was birthed in Man of Steel continues here. But, as teased in the trailer, the tone is lighter than the dreary dirge of Batman v. Superman. Characters try to talk to each other as humans might. Jokes are made, often to lighten the mood after exposition, or in between action sequences. It's hard to be sure whether that's Whedon trying to force some humanity or Snyder himself, responding to the criticisms leveled against his previous two films in the DCEU.
It may be Superman's CGI mouth that's the tell as to how extensive the reshoots truly were—I didn't notice a single scene with Superman where his mouth looked authentic—it's Mustache-Supermans all the way down.
So what's all the fuss? Why, knowing about the troubled shoot and abhorring the previous two installments, did I still come to see Justice League the first chance I got? A Justice League film might be the biggest remaining fan dream project in the genre. Sure, by the time 2012's Avengers came out that seemed like a dream, but that was a testament to the work that Marvel did building up those characters, not to the power those characters had over the decades. Iron Man is a billion dollar franchise now, but it's DC's characters that are cultural shorthand far from the world of the fanboy. These are the characters people have been dying to see assemble.
What's the story then? How does Justice League bring them together? Each of these characters are so superlative in every aspect, so powerful, it takes something truly great, truly horrifying, to make their collaboration seem necessary. To bring the Justice League together, the end of the world has to feel imminent and inevitable, and you have to doubt, ever so slightly, that even they can pull it off.
That's where things start to fall apart almost immediately. The story that Justice League gives us is a hodgepodge of all the superhero films, the fantasy epics, the space operas and the children's cartoons you've seen and immediately forgotten. Steppenwolf, one of the New Gods created by legendary artist Jack Kirby in his unfinished epic Fourth World saga, is an all-powerful regal-seeming monster from outer space. A long time ago, he tried and failed to use three all-powerful cubes, called motherboxes, to takeover the world. Now he is back to gather the motherboxes and try again.
If that feels like I'm missing the interesting bit, if that was hard to read, believe me, it's much worse on screen. Steppenwolf is fully computer generated, and talks a lot for someone impossible to pay attention to. He has so much empty screen time that the more epic they try to make the danger seem, the more inevitable his fall seems.
We the audience don't fear the world's end, but the characters supposedly do. Batman (Ben Affleck) has to break the emergency glass and get a team together. He calls Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), fresh off a 100-year brooding session, who intermittently has been doing some heroism. He calls The Flash (Ezra Miller), new to the DC cinematic universe, who quickly announces that he will be the comic relief for the evening. He calls Cyborg (Ray Fisher), a B-list character DC has spent a long time trying to elevate to the A-list—a Frankenstein's monster with seemingly-infinite powers over technology. And he calls Aquaman (Jason Mamoa), who here makes up for the forever-silliness of his skillset by being a generic sexy badass.
Where's Superman? Oh, they'll get to that later. It's not a good enough resurrection to bother spoiling, but expect him to show up in when they put a powerful thing on top of another powerful thing, and use space magic to fix him.
Most of the runtime is not spent developing the plot, as there really isn't time for one. Justice League has to spend its time where it is most valuable, creating momentum for each of these characters into their own franchises, and throwing in as many fan service-y interactions as possible to make audiences holler from their seats.
How are these characters treated? While Gal Gadot is as radiant a screen presence here as she was in this year's breakout hit Wonder Woman, it becomes clear very quickly how important it was to have a woman behind the camera of that film. Zack Snyder deservedly has a poor reputation in how he films women, and Whedon has fallen quite far from his days on Buffy the Vampire Slayer, so let's place mutual blame in the gross amount of male gaze the two place upon her.
WATCH: Exclusive interview - What Gal Gadot loves about 'Wonder Woman'
The camera can't seem to avoid closing up on Wonder Woman's different body parts, objectifying her at every opportunity. Even the script does so. In one scene, Aquaman is accidentally sitting on Wonder Woman's 'lasso of truth'. He starts talking about her beauty, getting more inappropriate by the moment—the joke being that this must be what they're all thinking. It's shocking that made it into the final edit, especially after the 2017 we've all lived through with unsettled stomachs.
Ben Affleck has always had a cinematic presence even back when he couldn't act—all big head and jaw. It's strange, then that he's the only actor to look awkward in Batman's cowl, jumping around looking goofier than I could have imagined.
A lot of this film seems off, and a lot seems goofy. Nothing sticks together. The characters make jokes when it's time to make jokes. They bond and connect when they're supposed to. They look heroic, and do big punchy superhero things, and they lampshade when even they know it's too implausible for the audience to take seriously. The threads are showing through all of it, a knock-off designer shirt that won't even get you through the night.
What did I really find myself thinking during this film? I thought about all the hours of my life I've spent watching cartoons as a kid, adolescent, and adult. I thought about when my mother brought me the 70s Flash, Batman and Superman comics I asked her for when I was stuck in the hospital after surgery at age 12. I thought about every superhero movie I've lined up for at midnight, sometimes in lazy cosplay. And I thought about everyone I've met who's asked me, 'why superheroes? Why do they keep making these films?'
Watching a film like Justice League, I could no longer think of a good answer. Marvel seems to have found the solution to how to keep things going—mix in other genres, rearrange the ingredients, keep things fresh. Sure, there's an underlying emptiness there too, but at least, going down, you hardly notice. This one stripped it down to its bare elements. Big powerful attractive people that are capital-g Good defeat the bad guys. And I wondered, as the audience around me hooted and hollered on cue, if I'd just outgrown all of this.
When I got home, I picked up one of the many DC omnibuses on my shelf, trying to remind myself why I've spent so much time on all of these characters. Of course, with the right artists, with the right writers, I remembered. When done right, this stuff is timeless. But if Justice League proves anything, it's that when you get this stuff wrong, when you don't find a spark to power the soul of the thing, nothing feels more empty. Nothing is a bigger waste of your time. Justice League could be a lot worse, but even in mediocrity it brought out in me that despair. This stuff will rot your teeth, kids.
- Justice League is out 16 November across the Middle East -
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 10:54 - GMT 07:54
If you're seeking relief after a tough gym session or after your regular sports match, then, foam rolling can help ease your discomfort and even speed up recovery.
Applying pressure to the muscles with a dense foam roller or ball is a type of self-myofascial release, or self-massage.
The goal is to boost circulation of blood to the muscle. You will improve tissue mobility and in turn improve performance in whatever event you're doing and help you prepare for the next round.
1. Quad Muscle
Lie facedown on the floor.
Place a foam roller perpendicular to your legs, with your right upper thigh resting on the roller and the left leg bent at the hip and knee, resting lightly on the ground to your left.
You should be balancing on your forearms with your core engaged.
Begin by rolling two inches to the front of the mat and then two inches back.
While holding the roller still, slowly bring your right heel towards your glute and then lower it to the ground. Repeat two to three times on the right side.
Repeat movements on the left side.
2. Glute Muscle
Sit on the floor and place a lacrosse ball or massage ball under your right glute. Legs should be bent and your feet should be resting lightly on the ground.
Your hands should be placed on the floor behind you.
When you find a tight area, pause and then too improve mobility bring your right knee out to the side and lift up your leg.
Bring it back into the regular position.
Repeat movements on the left side.
3. The Lats
Lie on your right side on the floor with the foam roller under your armpit and extend your arm away from your body above your head.
Slowly roll back and forth to find a tender spot.
Hold on tender spots for 30-60 seconds until the discomfort is reduced.
Repeat movement on the left side
4. Calf Muscle
Sit on the floor with your left leg bent and your right calf resting on a foam roller
Support yourself by placing your hands on the mat slightly behind you.
Shift some of your weight from your resting left leg so you have some pressure on your right calf and roll yourself forward one or two inches so the foam roller gets closer to your knee.
Slowly move the foam back to the starting position above the achilles tendon.
When you find a tight spot, flex and extend your ankle
Repeat on the left side.
5. Plantar Fascia (the foot)
Place a laccrosse ball under the right foot
If you need to you can place your hands on the wall or chair to help you balance
Start at the front of the foot near the toes and work your way back to the heel
Put good pressure on each spot—the medial, center and lateral positions—for 15 seconds before moving to the next area.
Then, roll the ball back and forth over the entire foot.
Repeat on the left side.
Last Update: Tuesday, 31 October 2017 KSA 12:02 - GMT 09:02
As the world watched the Future Investment Initiative (FII) conference unfold in Riyadh on Tuesday and the investment opportunities it offered, political observers in both Saudi Arabia and the international community knew that they were witnessing the commencement of a new Saudi era led by an impressive young prince.
Reverting to Moderation
During the course of a panel discussion at the conference, trhe Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Mohammed Bin Salman Al Saud declared quite categorically that "We will return to what we used to be, a moderate Islam that is open to all religions and to the world. We will not waste 30 years of our lives dealing with extremist ideas, we will destroy them today".
The other big announcement at the FII was the $500 billion plan for the Neom city: a mega project based in the northern part of the Kingdom that aims to foster innovation, trade and creativity. Due to its geographical location, the project will span three countries, stretching its borders into neighboring Jordan and Egypt.
Shortly after the above statement made by the Crown Prince, The Independent newspaper observed: "The claims from Prince bin Salman will be met with skepticism internationally, as Saudi's hardline clerics still wield much power and influence in the country."
This proposition does not seem sound in view of the latest developments that have taken place in Saudi Arabia. For instance, King Salman and US President Trump opened a counter-terrorism center in Riyadh, during the latter's visit to the Saudi capital in May this year. The initiative was welcomed by Saudi society. Again on September 26, the Kingdom announced that women could obtain driving licenses from November of this year, a move which was welcomed and applauded by all sections of the Saudi society.
In the same vein, the Kingdom last year took away from the religious police its power to arrest people. Similarly, it arrested several preachers last year for stoking sectarianism and the government clearly stated that it shall no longer tolerate the presence of extremist ideologies in society. These are just a handful of the several constructive changes that Saudi Arabia and its neighbors have brought about in recent times and have been accepted by their societies.
Embracing the future
I come from a sister country of Saudi Arabia that in a span of 45 years has managed to replace concepts of 'Otherness' with 'Oneness' and has built a cosmopolitan culture that is open, tolerant and accepting. Until last week, The United Arab Emirates was the only country in the world to have Ministers of Happiness, Tolerance and Youth. In addition to these initiatives taken last year, the UAE is now among the first countries to have a 'State Minister for Artificial Intelligence' and another for food security.
A major part of my upbringing is based on the strong belief in setting visions. We develop a vision and we move forward to achieve it. Perhaps, this outlook is inherent in the culture of this region. Our nomadic ancestors used to first spot a star and follow it in their search for the next destination of prosperity. Nowadays, visions are our new stars and we will continue to follow them in pursuit of our future. Perhaps, it is best to conclude here with the words of John F. Kennedy: "Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future."
Last Update: Friday, 27 October 2017 KSA 08:34 - GMT 05:34
The amount of times I've looked at my nails and thought: "I'll paint those in bed tonight" and not found the time is ridiculous.
It seems silly but it's become symbolic about the person I've become recently.
There were days when I'd spend hours doing things for myself whether it was exercising, socialising or pampering and while these days I manage to find hours to iron clothes, go on nature walks and cook, I can't find 15 minutes to paint my nails.
That's why I was interested in the results of a new American study that found being a mom is equivalent to two-and-a-half full time jobs.
The research, commissioned by the juice company Welch's, which examined the schedules of 2000 working moms with children aged five to 12, revealed the average mom works an astonishing 98 hours per week.
That explains why I hit the sack and choose sticking labels on my daughter's uniform over painting my nails - my 'mom schedule' doesn't allow for breaks, even before bed.
Researchers found that even in their 'free time' moms tended to be busy with tasks and many reported having just one hour and seven minutes of "me time" daily much of which is spent in the bathroom trying to get a quick solo shower.
For moms, these facts come as no surprise. Indeed most of us won't remember the last time we went for a run (pacing around the grocery shop doesn't count) or decided the ironing could wait because we really needed to just pop round to a friend's for a chat.
But Doctor Saliha Afridi, a clinical psychologist at Lighthouse Arabia says we shouldn't see time spent focusing on ourselves as a treat, rather it's crucial to our health.
She says: "On the airplane they say: "In times of emergency, secure your own mask before attending to your children". This is because people can only give what they have. If mothers are sacrificing their wellbeing for the sake of their children, they are doing a disservice to their children and to themselves. They will have less patience, less creativity, and less energy to give to their parenting duties when they are running on empty.
"Prioritising relaxation or time out however, often requires a mind-set shift for mothers. This is not just about getting a massage, this is about you prioritizing your health so you can bring yourself to the demands of life. Mothers feel guilty when they are take care of themselves but there is a difference between being selfish and self-care. Selfishness is when there is only one person winning and the others losing, whereas in self-care, all parties are winning. Taking time out of your day to tend to yourself is a win-win for you, your children and your family, and prevents you from 'care-giver burn-out'."
As the survey revealed that 40 percent of moms said their lives felt like a series of never-ending tasks, Dr Afridi stresses that it's essential moms show their children what give and take looks like in a relationship. Otherwise, there's a risk of moms starting to resent their role.
Delegation and planning
If delegating tasks fills you with fear that nobody can do the job as well as you, take some time to train that person so they're well equipped for the task. And learn to accept that while they may never meet your standards, it will probably be good enough and in a life packed with demands, that's better than you burning out.
Through careful planning, moms manage to accommodate everything they need to do to meet the needs of their family. So planning time for respite may be an idea, suggests Dr Afrifi - but really put some effort into your schedule.
She adds: "If we do not put it in a timeslot, time to ourselves will usually get pushed down the to-do list by other things that come up. For example, instead of saying "I will walk 30 mins a day", you should say "I will walk 30 minutes a day on the beach after I drop my son off at school". When making a schedule, be sure to factor in travel time, shower time, and other tasks that take time but we wouldn't usually put in our diary - it allows for you to not be rushed and helps in long-term commitment."
At the end of the day, a machine only functions with correct fuel and maintenance. Us mom machines need to realise we need some TLC too!
Last Update: Sunday, 8 October 2017 KSA 09:57 - GMT 06:57
At least 14 civilians including a young girl were killed by Syrian regime bombardment of the rebel-held Eastern Ghouta region near Damascus on Saturday, a monitor said.
Ten of the victims were killed by air strikes and another four died in rocket fire, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
It said another 40 people were wounded and the death toll was likely to rise.
At a medical center near the town of Hazza, an AFP photographer saw wounded children and a child's body wrapped in plastic.
Saturday's government raids come after an attack on Tuesday by the Islamist rebel group Ahrar al-Sham on a military base near the town of Harasta.
On Friday, regime bombardments killed at least 19 people, including six children, mostly in the city of Douma.
The deaths came amid an escalation in tit-for-tat attacks between regime forces and rebels holding the enclave on the capital's eastern outskirts.
Retaliatory shelling of Damascus on Thursday and Friday by rebels killed nine people.
The official SANA news agency said on Saturday rebel shelling of the city killed one person and wounded 20.
Eastern Ghouta is supposed to be part of a "de-escalation zone" under a deal between Russia, Iran and Turkey aimed at reducing the level of violence.
President Bashar al-Assad's forces have besieged Eastern Ghouta since 2013, and humanitarian conditions in the area, where some 400,000 people live, are dire.
More than 330,000 people are estimated to have been killed in the Syrian war, which began in 2011 as the regime brutally crushed anti-government protests. Millions have been displaced.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:38 - GMT 19:38
Rani Zaafan used to roam the streets shouting "I am angry", which eventually became his catch phrase among those who came across him in central Algeria.
Although it has been five years since Zaafan mysteriously passed away, images and videos of his antics still stoke public opinion across Algeria on the issue of homelessness.
This was evident when thousands of Algerians shared a video of Zaafan caught by a YouTube vlogger that received nearly one million views in less than 24 hours.
Blogger Anes Tina's video titled "Rani Zaafan" was published on Friday and was used to criticize the current situation of homeless people in Algeria. The title quickly became one of the top trending hashtags on twitter.
The blogger appeared looking like the famous homeless man, who died in 2012 under mysterious circumstances, while walking through the most important Algerian streets in which the late Zaafan used to roam, such as the Central Post Districts, Murad Didiouche Street, the Central University and Hussein Dai Street in central Algeria.
The vlogger dressed in a similar fashion to Zaafan with worn out and unwashed clothes, reminding locals of the late homeless Algerian.
The blogger expressed in the video the despair, pain, anger and frustration that many Algerians feel about their current realities across several fields. He highlighted the most important social problems which Algerian youth face; from unemployment and illegal immigration, in addition to the absence of social justice among the different social levels.
"I cry for you my country, they wanted to drown you like Titanic, the rich have their diplomatic passports, they flee to live abroad, and the poor are waiting for death," Tina said.
Last Update: Saturday, 18 November 2017 KSA 22:33 - GMT 19:33
Saturday, 18 November 2017
The Palestinian foreign minister says the Palestinians will not give in to "extortion" after a US threat to close their diplomatic mission in Washington. In an interview on Palestine Radio on Saturday, Riad Malki said the Palestinians are waiting for further communication from the US government. "The ball is now in the American court," he said. US officials, citing US law, said on Friday that the Trump administration has put the Palestinians on notice that it will shutter ...
Friday, 17 November 2017
Austrian police said on Friday that they were investigating the suicide of an 11-year-old Afghan migrant. He died in a hospital near Vienna on Monday after being admitted a day earlier, police said. It was unclear how he killed himself. The boy and his family had been living in a refugee center in Baden, south of the capital, since last year, when a record influx of migrants arrived in Austria. Media reports said the boy felt unable to cope with looking after his six siblings after his ...
X
Thank you for your feedback
The United States is quietly pursuing direct diplomacy with North Korea, a senior State Department official said on Tuesday, despite US President Donald Trump's public assertion that such talks are a waste of time.
Using the so-called "New York channel," Joseph Yun, US negotiator with North Korea, has been in contact with diplomats at Pyongyang's United Nations mission, the official said, at a time when an exchange of bellicose insults between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has fueled fears of military conflict.
While US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Oct. 17 said he would continue "diplomatic efforts ... until the first bomb drops," the official's comments were the clearest sign the United States was directly discussing issues beyond the release of American prisoners, despite Trump having dismissed direct talks as pointless.
There is no sign, however, that the behind-the-scenes communications have improved a relationship vexed by North Korea's nuclear and missile tests, the death of US university student Otto Warmbier days after his release by Pyongyang in June and the detention of three other Americans.
Word of quiet engagement with Pyongyang comes despite Trump's comments, North Korea's weapons advances and suggestions by some US and South Korean officials that Yun's interactions with North Koreans had been reined in.
"It has not been limited at all, both (in) frequency and substance," said the senior State Department official.
Among the points that Yun has made to his North Korean interlocutors is to "stop testing" nuclear bombs and missiles, the official said.
North Korea this year conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear detonation and has test-fired a volley of missiles, including intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) that, if perfected, could in theory reach the United States mainland.
The possibility that Pyongyang may be closer to attaching a nuclear warhead to an ICBM has alarmed the Trump administration, which in April unveiled a policy of "maximum pressure and engagement" that has so far failed to deter North Korea.
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg has urged all United Nations members to fully and transparently implement sanctions against North Korea, which he said has emerged as a global threat.
Speaking at the United Nations on Sept. 19, Trump vowed to "totally destroy" North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies, raising anxieties about the possibility of military conflict.
Twelve days later, after Tillerson said Washington was probing for a diplomatic opening, Trump said on Twitter that his chief diplomat was "wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man" - his mocking nickname for the North Korean leader.
Democratic US senators introduced a bill on Tuesday they said would prevent Trump from launching a nuclear first strike on North Korea on his own, highlighting the issue days before the Republican's first presidential trip to Asia.
'Broader mandate' for diplomacy
At the start of Trump's presidency, Yun's instructions were limited to seeking the release of US prisoners.
"It is (now) a broader mandate than that," said the official, declining, however, to address whether authority had been given to discuss North Korea's nuclear and missile program.
The New York channel is one of the few conduits the United States has for communicating with North Korea, which has itself made clear it has little interest in serious talks before it develops a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the continental United States.
The last high-level contact between Yun and the North Koreans was when he traveled to North Korea in June to secure the release of Warmbier, who died shortly after he returned home in a coma, the official said.
The Trump administration has demanded North Korea release three other US citizens: missionary Kim Dong Chul and academics Tony Kim and Kim Hak Song.
Warmbier's death was a factor in the chilling of US-North Korean contacts around that time but the biggest impact came from Pyongyang's stepped-up testing, the official said.
The official said, however, that "the preferred endpoint is not a war but some kind of diplomatic settlement" and suggestions that Washington is setting up a binary choice for Pyongyang to capitulate diplomatically or military action were "misleading."
Diplomacy, the official said, "has a lot more room to go."
But Trump's threats against North Korea are believed to have complicated diplomatic efforts.
Last Update: Wednesday, 1 November 2017 KSA 04:26 - GMT 01:26
US Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis on Saturday warned North Korea of a "massive military response" to any use of nuclear weapons as tensions remain sky-high ahead of Donald Trump's visit to South Korea.
Pyongyang in recent months has sparked global alarm by conducting a sixth nuclear test and test-launching missiles capable of reaching the US mainland, while Trump and the North's young ruler Kim Jong-Un have traded threats of war and personal insults.
READ ALSO: Trump threatens to 'destroy' North Korea: What are his military options?
Mattis, on a trip to Seoul for annual defense talks, maintained that diplomacy remained a "preferred course of action" but stressed, "our diplomats are most effective when backed by credible military force".
"Make no mistake -- any attack on the United States or our allies will be defeated," Mattis said at a joint press conference with his South Korean counterpart Song Young-Moo.
Nuclear weapons
"Any use of nuclear weapons by the North will be met with a massive military response, effective and overwhelming," Mattis said, adding Washington "does not accept a nuclear North Korea."
Mattis did not specify the type of nuclear weapon use that would prompt a military response. Pyongyang's Foreign Minister Ri Yong-Ho said on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly last month that his country could test a nuclear bomb over the Pacific.
Mattis also urged Pyongyang to "harbour no illusion", saying the isolated state is militarily "overmatched" by the US and South Korea -- a key ally of Washington that hosts 28,500 US troops.
Mattis' trip comes ahead of Trump's first presidential visit to South Korea next month as part of his Asia tour which also includes Japan, China, Vietnam and the Philippines.
All eyes will be on Trump's message to the North and Kim. Trump is expected to deliver a speech at the South's parliament and to visit an US military base during a November 7-8 trip to Seoul.
Trump's recent remark that "only one thing will work" with the North fueled concerns of a potential conflict on the divided peninsula where the 1950-53 Korean War had left millions dead.
Diplomatic solution
But Mattis has repeatedly stressed a diplomatic solution to ease tension during his trip to Asia this week, saying Washington was "not rushing to war" and its goal was "not war."
Even some Trump advisers say US military options are limited when Pyongyang could launch an artillery barrage on the South's capital Seoul -- only about 50 kilometers from the border and home to 10 million people.
The North is estimated to have some 10,000 artillery pieces and at least 50 short-range missiles stationed along its heavily fortified border with the South.
The country has made significant progress in its atomic and missile technology under Kim, who took power after the death of his father and longtime ruler, Kim Jong-Il, in 2011.
Since then he has overseen four of the country's six nuclear tests and hailed its nuclear weapons as a "treasured sword" to protect itself from potential invasion by the "imperialist enemy" the US.
Last Update: Saturday, 28 October 2017 KSA 10:14 - GMT 07:14
North Korea's deputy UN ambassador warned Monday that the situation on the Korean peninsula "has reached the touch-and-go point and a nuclear war may break out any moment."
Kim In Ryong told the UN General Assembly's disarmament committee that North Korea is the only country in the world that has been subjected to "such an extreme and direct nuclear threat" from the United States since the 1970s - and said the country has the right to possess nuclear weapons in self-defense.
He pointed to large-scale military exercises every year using "nuclear assets" and said what is more dangerous is what he called a US plan to stage a "secret operation aimed at the removal of our supreme leadership."
Also read: UAE stops issuing visas to North Koreans, ends diplomatic missions
This year, Kim said, North Korea completed its "state nuclear force and thus became the full-fledged nuclear power which possesses the delivery means of various ranges, including the atomic bomb, H-bomb and intercontinental ballistic rockets."
"The entire US mainland is within our firing range and if the US dares to invade our sacred territory even an inch it will not escape our severe punishment in any part of the globe," he warned. Kim's speech follows escalating threats between North Korea and the United States, and increasingly tough UN sanctions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that his country is curtailing economic, scientific and other ties with North Korea in line with UN sanctions, and the European Union announced new sanctions on Pyongyang for developing nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
US Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, speak to the press about the situation in North Korea at the White House in Washington, DC, on September 3, 2017. (AFP)
Commitment to democracy
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Sunday that diplomatic efforts aimed at resolving the North Korean crisis "will continue until the first bomb drops."
His commitment to diplomacy came despite President Donald Trump's tweets several weeks ago that his chief envoy was "wasting his time" trying to negotiate with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, whom he derisively referred to as "Little Rocket Man."
North Korea's deputy UN ambassador called his country's nuclear and missile arsenal "a precious strategic asset that cannot be reversed or bartered for anything." "Unless the hostile policy and the nuclear threat of the US is thoroughly eradicated, we will never put our nuclear weapons and ballistic rockets on the negotiating table under any circumstances," Kim said.
Also read: Why North Korea's antics remind us of Qatar
He told the disarmament committee that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea - North Korea's official name - had hoped for a nuclear-free world. Instead, Kim said, all nuclear states are accelerating the modernization of their weapons and "reviving a nuclear arms race reminiscent of (the) Cold War era."
He noted that the nuclear weapon states, including the United States, boycotted negotiations for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons that was approved in July by 122 countries at the United Nations.
"The DPRK consistently supports the total elimination of nuclear weapons and the efforts for denuclearization of the entire world," he said. But as long as the United States rejects the treaty and "constantly threatens and blackmails the DPRK with nuclear weapons ... the DPRK is not in position to accede to the treaty."
Last Update: Tuesday, 17 October 2017 KSA 08:52 - GMT 05:52
US President Donald Trump said Saturday that diplomatic efforts with North Korea have consistently failed, adding that "only one thing will work."
Trump has engaged in an escalating war of words with North Korean strongman Kim Jong-Un, trading insults amid rising tensions between the two nuclear-armed rivals.
"Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid," Trump tweeted.
It "hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of US negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!"
The US has not ruled out the use of force to compel Pyongyang to halt missile and nuclear tests, and Trump has threatened to "totally destroy" the country.
The mercurial American president also told journalists at a recent gathering with military leaders to discuss Iran, North Korea, and ISIS that this "could be the calm before the storm," declining to clarify his remarks.
Last week, as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson flew home from meeting with top Chinese officials, Trump tweeted that his envoy was "wasting his time" in trying to probe North Korea's willingness to talk.
The message came after Tillerson had revealed there were backchannels between US and North Korean officials.
Last Update: Sunday, 8 October 2017 KSA 07:46 - GMT 04:46
Lebanese Maronite Patriarch Beshara Rai made a historic visit to Riyadh following an invitation by King Salman. The visit came amid the dangerous circumstances Lebanon is going through.
There have been dangerous developments that harm the essence of state institutions as Saad Hariri's resignation has revealed political weakness in the country. Hariri and his party form the liberal, civil and modern movement within the Lebanese society while other parties compete over serving their interests and raise slogans of socialism or extremist radicalism.
Hariri and Samir Geagea are among those few politicians who defend civil values based on conviction, protect the republic's bases and defend the state as the entity that guarantees others' freedom.
ALSO READ: Lebanon teeters precariously on the edge
The patriarch's visit comes amid Iran's arrogant belief that Lebanon is now under its control and that Hezbollah, which has the lion's share of politics, geography and weapons, is the country's real governor regardless of other figures' political influence.
There is noticeable tension between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon. This may have economic, social and political repercussions. Despite Saudi Arabia's serious initiatives and efforts to bring back Lebanon into the Arab fold - considering it's a founding member of the Arab League - it's not possible to comprehend its transformation into an arena for Iranian military and political operations.
Arab Christians have always had a real partnership with Muslims, and they've contributed to developing sciences, philosophy and language Fahad Suleiman Shoqiran
Tough settlements
Saudi Arabia has also accepted difficult settlements like the Syrian-Saudi initiative, which late King Abdullah made. This is in addition to Hariri's settlement with the Free Patriotic Movement and which led to election of a president. However, when the state is weak and fragile, an alternative is automatically prepared.
The state's alternative is usually gathering gangs or mafia networks or extremist radical parties. Lebanese politicians could not understand the Saudi desire of wanting Lebanon to return to Arab institutions for two reasons. The first one is the true affiliation to Iran's axis; thus the faith that this "resistant" axis will win, as they claim, in Iraq, Syria and Lebanon.
Betting on this axis is thus safer. The second reason is fears that the party with arms in Lebanon will target politicians who operate within the Arab project which Saudi Arabia represents. The price for having a different opinion will thus be expensive. This is how the state gets paralyzed - unless a man with a loud voice and esteemed status finalizes the debate and controversy.
ALSO READ: Hariri tells Aoun: 'I'm fine, will return to Lebanon as promised'
Saudi Arabia has protected the diversity of sects in Lebanon for over 50 years now. The patriarch's visit is the first of its kind but there have been multiple diplomatic meetings between Bkirki and Riyadh through envoys and ministers which the king dispatched. What's interesting this time is that the visit came upon a royal invitation.
There is a history of partnership and communication between Bkriki and Riyadh. Let's recall the historic cooperation between Saudi Arabia and former Maronite Patriarch Mar Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir who played a huge role in protecting Lebanon from foreign interferences, whether the Syrian or Iranian ones, and who was a falcon of the Cedar Revolution and a symbol of the Lebanese civil state.
Injustice and tyranny
Patriarch Rai is expected to help the Lebanese people win against injustice and tyranny. His voice heard in the society and among politicians can contribute to serious discussions about Iranian interferences, the fate of Hezbollah's arms, the duration of Hezbollah's interferences in the Syrian war and its sponsorship of terrorism in Yemen and violation of countries' sovereignty.
This is a difficult task for the patriarch especially that he has never engaged in a frank discussion with Hezbollah. However, if we take a deeper look into his recent statements, we'd sense some balance which work can be based on to address the difficult problems Lebanon is suffering from.
Arab Christians have always had a real partnership with Muslims, and they've contributed to developing sciences, philosophy, ideas and language. This was before talks of extremism and bloodshed emerged.
ALSO READ: Maronite Patriarch says Hariri will be back, supports reasons for resignation
In his book Christianity in the Arab World, Al-Hassan bin Talal writes: "When divisions happened between the churches of Constantinople and Rome, the churches in Sham and Iraq were under Islamic rule for almost four centuries. Only the Roman Orthodox and Catholic Christians in Egypt and Sham remained in support of Byzantium and they remained linked to it in politics and religion, just like they were before. However Copts and Jacobites and Nestorians in Iraq saw Byzantium as a source of oppression. Therefore, they saw in Islamic rule salvation from Byzantium's injustice. They showed their willingness to cooperate with the Islamic rule from the start. Some say that Maronites were among the Christians who welcomed Islamic rule instead of Byzantium's rule in Sham."
There are major disputes between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon and they can be resolved among wise men through dialogue, discussion and practical measures to impose the state's power. This facilitates cooperation. Without that, however, deteriorating relations may go as far as resulting in regret and sorrow.
As Al-Mutanabbi put it:
There is a long-standing friendship between us
Wish you gave it what it deserves
Abiding loyalty is a sacred trust
For those who honor a pledge
How often you try to find fault with me, yet to no avail
Your attempts are unbecoming
In the eyes of both God and the noble-hearted
This article is also available in Arabic.
Fahad Shoqiran is a Saudi writer and researcher who also founded the Riyadh philosophers group. His writings have appeared in pan-Arab newspaper Asharq al-Awsat, Alarabiya.net, among others. He also blogs on philosophies, cultures and arts. He tweets @shoqiran.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 14:43 - GMT 11:43
Far too many journalists and media outlets have fallen prey to the sensationalist "game of thrones" narrative, reporting the recent arrests in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia as a power grab intended to secure the throne for Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (MBS). Analysts will try their best to figure out the proximity to power of each of the detainees, which include some very high-profile names and one particularly colorful character, exhausting the global coverage. The prevailing narrative outside the Kingdom is that something big has happened, something that some people are already calling a political and economic "earthquake." Words to describe this week's events in Saudi Arabia included the phrases "mayhem", "chaos" and "upheaval". But in Saudi, the people are noting the new era of equality, a welcomed development and a key to achieving the stated goals of vision 2030 through more transparency and equality in the eyes of the law.
Corruption has always been the Kingdom's worst kept secret. Indeed, in many quarters it was almost admired. Having Wasta, which means "connections," was usually a key to securing a job. The culture encouraged people to hire their relatives, to ignore merit, and to favor close relationships.
Nepotism and cronyism are ingrained in the popular consciousness as well.
Rumors about officials embezzling and pocketing state funds and skimming from contracts have long angered the Saudi population. Up until this point, the default expectation among ordinary Saudis was that an official is corrupt. If, by chance, he proved not to be corrupt, the people would go out of their way to praise him for having integrity. And, up until recently, no one expected anything to change.
As such, news of the arrests came as a surprise. Saudi citizens were hit with unprecedented live coverage of arrests of a handful of princes, former ministers, and bureaucrats, some of whom have been around for more than twenty years, and were always perceived to be above the law or "untouchable". Given the widespread usage of social media, including WhatsApp and Twitter, the Saudi public is very familiar with the personalities involved as well as the ins and outs of the alleged cases of money laundering, bribery, and misuse of power.
While some in the West fret about a "purge" of business elites and political enemies, most Saudis are eagerly following and cheering what they see as a historic step forward for the Kingdom's justice system.
"It's a great thing that's happening. The investigation and arrest of figures who were once deemed untouchable sends a strong message that MbS is serious about ushering a new era of efficiency for our generation and country as a whole," says one Saudi student studying at American University in Washington, D.C. "The higher ups know what they are doing," remarked another young Saudi working in the Royal Court in Riyadh. "As Saudis, we leave the dough for the baker. I believe that right will be done where it is due". "Our government works on its 2030 vision to have an effective government, high transparency and sustainable economy and that needs a anti corruption purge" said Faisal Al Huwail, a former Saudi student at the DC university "Now, I'm extremely optimistic that Saudi government's latest procedures will make foreign and local investors more confident in the Saudi economy , investment environment, and our judicial system."
In his first appearance on a TV interview with Al Arabiya's Turki Aldakhil, Mohammed bin Salman said that "the law will be applied to everyone, and every corrupt official will be held accountable."
Aldakhil pressed him: "These people have influence, and they won't like the new laws."
"I will apply the laws to myself, and if they don't like it, they will clash in the street."
The Crown Prince gave a second TV interview, this one to Dawood al-Shirian of MBC, where he promised that "no one engaged in corruption will survive justice if provided the evidence, even if it [is] a minister or a prince."
Breath of fresh air
It was a breath of fresh air for Saudis to hear, but nothing had happened, until now.
The Crown Prince followed through on his pledge. The arrests were immediately preceded by the announcement of a special Anti-Corruption Commission that reports directly to the king and has a wide mandate to investigate corrupt deals, money laundering, bribes, and the registration of fake companies. It has taken no shortcuts, diving deep into high-profile investigations including the expansion of the Holy Mosque, the floods of Jeddah, and the Coronavirus, corruption in the Modon projects, among others.
What the rumors of internal power struggles have failed to see is the newfound alliance that the Crown Prince has forged with technocrats, women, and, most importantly, Saudi youth. The Kingdom, like much of the Middle East, has a tremendous youth bulge, with 70% of its population under the age of thirty-five. Mohammed bin Salman, a young and charismatic leader himself, has been strategic in his focus on the youth; he understands that in order to successfully rule the youth must be taken into consideration at every move.
Out of these three key constituencies the Crown Prince has created a new base of support and, in the process, upended the complex set of old elite and tribal alliances supported by royal patronage and corruption.
The Saudi Foreign Minister indicated the new course Saudi is set to take, telling CNN that "Saudi Arabia announced a zero tolerance policy for corruption and mismanagement, if we want to achieve our objectives for 2030, we must make sure we have a transparent, efficient and accountable government, this is why the supreme commission was established, headed by his royal highness the crown prince, to deal with the issue of corruption, waste, and mismanagement, we have taken very action , we have to do that in order to move forward, if we want to efficient".
We are waking up to the new Saudi Arabia, a country that is modernizing at a significant pace. The new Saudi Arabia does not differentiate between its citizens and will not tolerate the old habit of sinking the state's plentiful amount of money into certain individuals' personal accounts. Ending the long-standing culture of admiration for corrupt people and shifting corruption into the limelight, shaming and questioning those who are corrupt, is a huge leap forward, and is beneficial to the psyche and attitude of Saudis. Leading by example through a top-down approach is also a welcome change.
The symbolism of all of this is clear: this is a new era, and things won't be the same as they used to be.
__________
Yousef Al Naimi and Michelle Cioffoletti are researchers at the Arabia Foundation
Last Update: Sunday, 12 November 2017 KSA 13:08 - GMT 10:08
Arabic, Spanish, Mandarin, French and German are the languages the UK will need most once the UK leaves the European Union, a new research has revealed. According to the report, only a third of Britons can hold a conversation in another language with language learning in UK schools facing a "difficult climate".
The 'Languages for the Future' report, released by the British Council today, says now is the moment to initiate a 'bold new policy' to improve language learning in the UK.
Also read: The Sudanese Nostradamus who predicted the train, telephone
"Languages for the Future" identifies these as the top five languages for the UK's prosperity once the country leaves the European Union, based on extensive analysis of economic, geopolitical, cultural and educational factors. The top five are significantly ahead of the next five languages in the ranking - Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Japanese and Russian.
International awareness
The new analysis argues that for the UK to succeed post-Brexit, international awareness and skills - such as the ability to connect with people globally beyond English - have become more vital than ever. However, the UK is currently facing a languages deficit.
Language learning in schools is also facing a difficult climate. Official figures from the Joint Council for Qualifications highlight a 7.3 percent drop in the number of pupils in England, Wales and Northern Ireland taking GCSE language exams in the past year - and a 1 percent drop at A Level.
Growing generation
Vicky Gough, Schools Adviser at the British Council, said languages are invaluable for a generation growing up in an increasingly connected world.
"If the UK is to be truly global post-Brexit, languages must become a national priority. There are few more important languages for the UK's future prosperity than Spanish, Mandarin Chinese, French, Arabic and German," said Gough.
Also read: Egyptian study reveals how Pharaoh women predicted baby's gender
"At a time when global connections matter more than ever, it is worrying that the UK is facing a languages deficit. We cannot afford the apathy around the need for languages to continue and must champion these skills. If we don't act to tackle this shortfall, we're set to lose out both economically and culturally," he said.
The UK's current lack of language skills is said to be holding back the country's international trade performance at a cost of almost £50 billion a year.
Last Update: Tuesday, 14 November 2017 KSA 12:37 - GMT 09:37
Behind the steering wheel of her own car, the Saudi young woman, Noura al-Dosari, is driving around in the residential compound she lives in in the eastern city of Dhahran, as her daily routine.
Dosari learned how to drive since 2010, in the Kingdom of Bahrain, and she was encouraged by her family. She has an international driving license.
After Saudi Arabia allowed women to drive, Dosari launched a voluntary initiative to teach women to drive cars.
Much more than just allowing women to drive
Welcomed
The initiative was widely accepted and welcomed by women, and around 15 Saudi women came forward to learn driving.
Noura spent more than five hours daily training them on driving lessons, using her private car.
In her interview with Al Arabiya.net, Dosari said she seeks through this initiative to enable the "new women drivers" with the required skills for proper and safe driving in a modern scientific manner and help them to recognize the dangers of the road and to understand the traffic to maintain their lives and others.
She also trains them to deal with emergency situations, be aware of simple maintenance issues, and how to deal with different traffic situations and dangers, within the training curriculum she had prepared for her trainees.
VIDEO: Before driving cars, women were flying the skies of Saudi Arabia
Traffic behavior and simulation
Dosari added that the training program includes, besides the theoretical aspects, mock experiments to simulate real situations.
These may range from a sudden obstacle in the way, such as wheels, bags, or infants, bicycles, and speedy drivers who suddenly deviate from their tracks, blocking the road, or the passage of a police car or ambulance.
She highlighted the importance that the woman driving the car should be aware of the basics of the maintenance of a car. It does not need a technical specialist, she said.
The woman driver also should be aware of how to be safe on the road and how to deal with malfunctions and emergencies.
Dosari uses this initiative in urging women to adhere to traffic appropriate behavior, accurately and carefully.
She pointed out her interest in ensuring that the trainees are capable of driving and get over their fear of taking the wheel, and praised the enthusiasm of the Saudi women.
They are learning how to drive quickly and efficiently as they are eager to get their driving license, added Dosary.
Social change
She concluded that allowing women to drive cars is one of the necessities of social change. It helps women to rely on themselves, run their errands without waiting for a taxi, or hiring a driver. It will also allow women to join the labor force and attain economic independence, thus empowering women to strengthen the labor market.
Dosary praised the Saudi women who crossed broke the rules and stereotypes of women in the local community, and she wishes she can encourage more women to learn to drive cars.
Last Update: Sunday, 12 November 2017 KSA 18:04 - GMT 15:04
The United States on Monday praised Saudi Arabia for "exposing" Iran's role in Yemen and Tehran's provision of missile systems to Houthi militia fighting there, following the interception of a missile fired towards the Saudi capital Riyadh on Saturday.
"We continue to maintain strong defense ties with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and work together on common security priorities to include combat operations against violent extremist organizations, and neutralizing Iran's destabilizing influence in the Middle East region," said Pentagon spokesman Marine Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway.
Last Update: Tuesday, 7 November 2017 KSA 01:50 - GMT 22:50
North Korea on Friday ruled out negotiations with Washington as long as joint US-South Korea military exercises continue, and said that Pyongyang's atomic
weapons program would remain as a deterrent against a US nuclear threat.
In an interview with Reuters, Han Tae Song, North Korea's ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, brushed off the new sanctions which the Trump administration has said it is preparing, as well as the possibility of North Korea being added to a US list of states sponsoring terrorism.
South Korea and the United States agreed on Friday to keep working for a peaceful end to the North Korean nuclear crisis, but a US envoy said it was difficult to gauge the reclusive North's intentions as there has been "no signal".
Han, asked about those bilateral talks in Seoul, replied: "As long as there is continuous hostile policy against my country by the U.S. and as long as there are continued war games at our doorstep, then there will not be negotiations."
"There are continued military exercises using nuclear assets as well as aircraft carriers, and strategic bombers and then...raising such kinds of military exercises against my country," he said.
He, who is ambassador to the UN's Conference on Disarmament, was speaking at the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) mission in Geneva, where the DPRK and the United States secured a 1994 nuclear deal which later fell apart.
He said he had no information on when North Korea might test a ballistic missile again, after the last one two months ago.
"The DPRK, my country, will continue to build-up its self-defense capability, the pivot of which is nuclear forces and capability for a triumphant...strike as long as US and hostile forces keep up nuclear threat and blackmail," Han said.
"Our country plans ultimate completion of the nuclear force," he said.
'Nuclear deterrent'
China said on Thursday that a "dual suspension" proposal to handle North Korea was still the best option, after said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping had rejected a "freeze for freeze" agreement.
Han, asked about China's latest appeal for a freeze, said "the situation is far from those things".
Han said that U.S. administrations had "never accepted" halting joint military exercises, adding: "So if they accept such things, then we will think what we do in the future."
North Korea could not consider abandoning its nuclear program, he said, adding: "This is the deterrent, the nuclear deterrent to cope with the nuclear threat from America."
Han said that Trump was expected to announce further sanctions against North Korea. Existing sanctions have constituted "large-scale human rights violations" that had delayed delivery of aid and consumer goods, he said.
"It is obvious that the aim of the sanctions is to overthrow the system of my country by isolating and stifling it and to intentionally bring about humanitarian disaster instead of preventing weapons development as claimed by the U.S. and its followers," he said.
Han, asked whether new US sanctions were expected against North Korean individuals or financial structures, said: "The media is saying the Americans and Trump are considering such things.
"But that is their business and then we don't mind what they want to do against my country since the aim is quite clear.
"So we are ready for such kinds of measures taken by America against my country," he said.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 19:25 - GMT 16:25
North Korea on Friday ruled out negotiations with Washington as long as joint US-South Korea military exercises continue, and said that Pyongyang's atomic
weapons program would remain as a deterrent against a US nuclear threat.
In an interview with Reuters, Han Tae Song, North Korea's ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, brushed off the new sanctions which the Trump administration has said it is preparing, as well as the possibility of North Korea being added to a US list of states sponsoring terrorism.
South Korea and the United States agreed on Friday to keep working for a peaceful end to the North Korean nuclear crisis, but a US envoy said it was difficult to gauge the reclusive North's intentions as there has been "no signal".
Han, asked about those bilateral talks in Seoul, replied: "As long as there is continuous hostile policy against my country by the U.S. and as long as there are continued war games at our doorstep, then there will not be negotiations."
"There are continued military exercises using nuclear assets as well as aircraft carriers, and strategic bombers and then...raising such kinds of military exercises against my country," he said.
He, who is ambassador to the UN's Conference on Disarmament, was speaking at the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) mission in Geneva, where the DPRK and the United States secured a 1994 nuclear deal which later fell apart.
He said he had no information on when North Korea might test a ballistic missile again, after the last one two months ago.
"The DPRK, my country, will continue to build-up its self-defense capability, the pivot of which is nuclear forces and capability for a triumphant...strike as long as US and hostile forces keep up nuclear threat and blackmail," Han said.
"Our country plans ultimate completion of the nuclear force," he said.
'Nuclear deterrent'
China said on Thursday that a "dual suspension" proposal to handle North Korea was still the best option, after said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping had rejected a "freeze for freeze" agreement.
Han, asked about China's latest appeal for a freeze, said "the situation is far from those things".
Han said that U.S. administrations had "never accepted" halting joint military exercises, adding: "So if they accept such things, then we will think what we do in the future."
North Korea could not consider abandoning its nuclear program, he said, adding: "This is the deterrent, the nuclear deterrent to cope with the nuclear threat from America."
Han said that Trump was expected to announce further sanctions against North Korea. Existing sanctions have constituted "large-scale human rights violations" that had delayed delivery of aid and consumer goods, he said.
"It is obvious that the aim of the sanctions is to overthrow the system of my country by isolating and stifling it and to intentionally bring about humanitarian disaster instead of preventing weapons development as claimed by the U.S. and its followers," he said.
Han, asked whether new US sanctions were expected against North Korean individuals or financial structures, said: "The media is saying the Americans and Trump are considering such things.
"But that is their business and then we don't mind what they want to do against my country since the aim is quite clear.
"So we are ready for such kinds of measures taken by America against my country," he said.
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 19:25 - GMT 16:25
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally
Amir Taheri
The Miss Universe international beauty pageant brought together the contestants from Israel and Iraq, which are, when it comes to politics, officially enemies.
The pair posed together for selfies they posted to Instagram and Facebook as an unusual gesture of peace and coexistence, according to Times of Israel.
"Get to know, this is Miss Iraq and she's amazing," Miss Israel Adar Gandelsman captioned her post on instagram.
While on facebook, she wrote "Practicing bringing world peace!" Miss Israel Adar Gandelsman, 19 who is from Ashkelon, is currently in the middle of her military service.
Miss Iraq Sarah Idan also shared on her Instagram profile: "Peace and Love from Miss Iraq and Miss Israel," getting over 2000 likes.
Idan had to explain that both contesters chatted about the hope for peace to prevail and that as ambassadors of peace, this should be the spirit. However, she appologised to those who considered the gesture against the Palestinian cause.
Times of Israel said that luckily for Baghdad-born Idan, 27, who now lives in the US, she has nothing to fear compared to other Arab contestants siting Miss Lebanon Sally Greige who was criticized in 2015 for posing with Miss Israel and faced calls to strip her of her title.
Planet Hollywood casino resort in Las Vegas is hosting, on November 26, a 100 women running for the 66th Miss Universe competition.
Planet Hollywood casino resort in Las Vegas. (Supplied)
Last Update: Friday, 17 November 2017 KSA 00:48 - GMT 21:48
A video of a five-year-old boy — accompanied by his little friend, receiving aid from Iranian authorities in areas devastated by the disastrous earthquake of last Sunday — has started trending on social media.
The child in the video appears heading for a truck distributing food, while holding his friend's hand. When someone asks him if he has come alone to receive aid, the child innocently answers that he had come with his friend because she had not received food.
The little boy, in an earthquake hit area, brings his friend saying "you didn't give her food."
via @Frau_Fledermaus #IranEarthquake pic.twitter.com/XjAgz8GGeM — Sadegh Ghorbani (@GhorbaniSadegh) November 15, 2017
The earthquake that hit the Iran-Iraq border was catastrophic in its impact, claiming 530 lives and leaving behind more than 8,000 injured in Iran alone. The western province of Kermanshah is said to have faced the brunt of the natural disaster.
The US Geological Survey announced that a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck the western regions of Iran and northeastern Iraq at 18:18 GMT on Sunday evening. The epicentre was said to be 32 kilometers south-west of the city of Halabja at a depth of 33.9 kms.
Last Update: Thursday, 16 November 2017 KSA 19:14 - GMT 16:14
Travel agencies in Jeddah have received requests from women seeking tour packages to neighboring countries with the sole purpose of taking driving lessons.
Women want to try their hands at the wheel before joining driving schools in Saudi Arabia, Al-Watan Arabic newspaper reported on Wednesday.
Travel agencies have customized tour packages costing around $1000 per person. The package includes tickets, accommodation, and driving lessons by professional trainers for five days for two hours a day.
Abdulhadi Al-Arjani, a member of the National Committee for Driving Schools in the Kingdom, told Al-Watan newspaper that women must take lessons at Saudi driving schools because traffic regulations differ from one country to another.
Travel agency owner Abdullah Al-Ramadan said many women prefer going to Egypt as part of the packages that offer driving lessons.
The Directorate General of Traffic (Muroor) announced a few days ago that driving lessons are a must to get a driver's license.
Earlier, anyone wishing to obtain a driving license had to take driving test. But now no new license will be issued unless the applicant attends driving lessons ranging between 30 and 120 hours, Makkah Arabic newspaper reported on Monday.
Brig. Mohammed Al-Bassami, Muroor spokesman, said there will be 90 hours of rigorous training for those who are not good drivers while those who can drive properly will get 30 hours of lessons.
Training sessions will increase to 120 hours for those wishing to obtain general driving license but are not good drivers.
This article was first publish at the Saudi Gazette.
Last Update: Thursday, 16 November 2017 KSA 15:11 - GMT 12:11
North Korea's state media announced that Donald Trump "deserves the death penalty" for insulting the country's leader, Kim Jong Un.
The US president was called a "hideous criminal" by the ruling party's newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, for urging the five Asian countries he visited last week to maximize pressure on North Korea to halt its nuclear program.
"The worst crime for which he can never be pardoned is that he dared [to] malignantly hurt the dignity of the supreme leadership," the article read.
"He should know that he is just a hideous criminal sentenced to death by the Korean people."
Trump gave criticism of the North Korean leader during his 11-day trip to Asia.
While in Hanoi, he tweeted: "Why would Kim Jong Un insult me by calling me 'old', when I would NEVER call him 'short and fat'?"
Last Update: Thursday, 16 November 2017 KSA 23:32 - GMT 20:32
A painting thought by scholars to be one of only a few by Leonardo da Vinci to have survived the half-millennia since the artist's death is set to be auctioned Wednesday in New York, where it is guaranteed to sell for at least $100 million.
Art lovers have lined up by the thousands at special presale exhibitions in Hong Kong, San Francisco, London and New York to see the only work by the Renaissance master in private hands.
The 500-year-old oil painting depicting Christ holding a crystal orb, called "Salvator Mundi" or "Savior of the World," is one of fewer than 20 paintings by Leonardo da Vinci known to exist, according to Christie's, the auction house conducting the sale.
"I can hardly convey how exciting it is for those of us directly involved in its sale," said Christie's specialist Alan Wintermute. "The word 'masterpiece' barely begins to convey the rarity, importance and sublime beauty of Leonardo's painting."
"Salvator Mundi," an ethereal portrait of Jesus Christ which dates to about 1500, the last privately owned Leonardo da Vinci painting, is on display for the media at Christie's auction in New York, NY, US. October 10, 2017. (Reuters)
Wintermute called it "the Holy Grail of old master paintings." A backer of the auction has guaranteed a bid of at least $100 million (85 million euros). Experts have said it might be worth more, except for its generally poor state of preservation and lingering questions about its authenticity.
The 26-inch (66-centimeter) painting dates from around 1500 and shows Christ dressed in Renaissance-style robes, his right hand raised in blessing as his left hand holds a crystal sphere.
The painting's history is as mysterious as Jesus' enigmatic gaze, which invites comparison to a better-known Leonardo work, the "Mona Lisa."
"Salvator Mundi" was owned by King Charles I of England in the mid-1600s and was auctioned by the son of the Duke of Buckingham in 1763.
It then disappeared from view until 1900, when it resurfaced and was acquired by a British collector. At the time, it was thought to be a work of a Leonardo disciple, rather than the master himself.
The painting was sold again in 1958 and then acquired in 2005, badly damaged and partly painted-over, by a consortium of art dealers who paid less than $10,000.
They restored the painting extensively and documented its authenticity as a work by Leonardo. The work's current owner is Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev, who bought it in 2013 for $127.5 million in a private sale that became the subject of a continuing lawsuit.
Christie's says a majority of scholars believe it is a work by Leonardo, though some have questioned that determination while others have said it was so extensively restored that it is probably more akin to a copy than an original.
In New York, where no museum owns a Leonardo, art lovers lined up outside Christie's Rockefeller Center headquarters on Tuesday to view "Salvator Mundi."
Inside, Christ's face seemed to light up the darkened gallery.
Svetla Nikolova, who is from Bulgaria but lives in New York now, called the painting "spectacular."
"It's a once-in-a-lifetime experience," she said. "It should be seen. It's wonderful it's in New York. I'm so lucky to be in New York at this time."
Una Dora Copley, an artist herself, said "Salvator Mundi" was worth the hour-plus wait. "I won't be thinking of the line," Copley said. "I'll just be thinking of the beautiful painting."
The auction begins at 7 p.m. Wednesday.
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 14:59 - GMT 11:59
UAE has literally taken its space plan to another level by adding new objectives to it - growing palm tree and lettuce.
According to a BBC report, the main objective is to create agricultural space - where you can pick your strawberries/grow your fruits. While the date palm was chosen for its symbolic links with the region, the other three produce have been chosen as scientists have already established that they might grow on Mars.
"There are similarities between Mars and the desert. The landscape of the UAE, the soil, are similar," Rashid al-Zaadi, senior strategic planner at the UAE Space Agency, was quoted as saying by the BBC.
As a result, the UAE has decided to pump money into two research projects - growing date palms, and lettuces, tomatoes, and strawberries on Mars. "Well, when we get there, we'll have to eat," al-Zaadi said.
A scientific center
Omran Sharaf, a project manager on the Mars Mission probe, said it is all about creating a post-oil, knowledge-based, creative-based economy. "So it is important we become a well-established scientific center. We have created many engineers, but not many scientists. This Mars project is purely scientific mission,' he
A mock-up of the project was released at the ongoing Dubai airshow. To attract international aerospace companies and organizations, and build up relationships, the model was built and displayed at the airshow.
Since the UAE Space Agency was set-up in 2014, the country has invested more than $5.4 billion in its Mars project, said the report.
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 11:47 - GMT 08:47
Pope Francis got the keys to a fancy new Lamborghini on Wednesday - but he won't be tooling around the Vatican gardens in it.
Instead, the special edition Huracan will be auctioned off by Sotheby's, with the proceeds going to charities including one aimed at helping rebuild Christian communities in Iraq that were devastated by the ISIS.
Officials from the luxury sports car maker presented Francis with the sleek white car with papal yellow-gold detailing on Wednesday, outside the Vatican hotel where he lives. The pope promptly blessed it.
Base prices for the Huracan, which was first introduced in 2014, usually start at around $217,000 (183,000 euros). A special edition built for a papal charity would be expected to fetch far more at auction.
Francis got around his native Buenos Aires on public transport and has long railed against people who buy the latest model cars or cellphones. As pope, he uses a blue Ford Focus inside the Vatican walls, and he has made a statement on all his foreign trips by shunning fancy, bullet-proof SUVs and opting instead for modest Fiats or KIAs.
Rebuilding in Nineveh
Some of the funds raised from the auction will go to rebuilding homes, churches and public buildings in Iraq's Nineveh Plains that were devastated during three years of fighting by the ISIS. The Vatican said the aim is to allow Christians who were forced to flee Nineveh "to finally return to their roots and recover their dignity."
Other funds will go to charities that help women who are trafficked and forced into prostitution, and those that provide medical care in Africa.
The Sant'Agata Bolognese-based Lamborghini is owned by Germany's Volkswagen.
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 15:10 - GMT 12:10
An Indian man has laid claims to an 800-square-mile strip of land between Egypt and Sudan taking advantage of the fact that this is not a part of any state or country.
Suyash Dixit reportedly found the area called Bir Tawil - meaning "deep well" in Arabic. He undertook a journey from his hometown of Indore, India, to this region and declared himself as the "first king of Dixit".
According to a Daily Mail report, Bir Tawil has remained as "de facto" region, which means no man's land for more than 100 years. Dixit kept his Facebook page updated throughout his journey.
Suyash Dixit reportedly found the area called Bir Tawil - meaning "deep well" in Arabic. (Facebook)
A seed planted
After hours of driving and finally reaching the land, Dixit planted a seed and placed his flag in two different places, to proclaim this is now the Kingdom of Dixit, said the report.
"This is my land now and if they want it back, there will be a war," he said. Boasting about his newfound royal status, he posted on Facebook that Dixit is "opening foreign investments to our country and nationality applications."
He also said he obtained permission from the Egyptian military to travel to the land.
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 09:53 - GMT 06:53
A teenager who sexually assaulted and killed a chicken was arrested by the Police in Hafizabad, Punjab in Pakistan.
The 14-year-old allegedly assaulted a hen on November 11 in his village near Jalalpur Bhattian area, reported Tribune.
According to a report filled by the owner of the bird, the boy stole, sexually assaulted and killed it on the spot. The man named two locals as eyewitnesses in his complaint.
The teen was arrested after a medical examination of the chicken confirmed the assault and that the boy confessed to the crime.
The police report sited 'unnatural offence.'
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 November 2017 KSA 13:12 - GMT 10:12
The maker of Barbie has announced it will sell a doll modeled after Ibtihaj Muhammad, an American fencer who competed in last year's Olympics while wearing a hijab.
Mattel Inc. said the doll will be available online next fall. The doll is part of the Barbie "Shero" line that honors women who break boundaries. Past dolls have included gymnast Gabby Douglas and "Selma" director Ava DuVernay.
Fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad poses for photos at the 2016 Team USA Media Summit Wednesday, March 9, 2016, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP)
"I had so many moments as an athlete, where I didn't feel included, where I was often in spaces where there was a lack of representation," Muhammad said Monday night at the Glamour Women of the Year gala in New York. "So to be in this moment, as a US Olympian, to have Mattel, such a global brand, diversify their toy line to include a Barbie doll that wears a hijab is very moving to me."
Muhammad, the first American to compete at the Olympics while wearing a hijab, won a bronze medal in fencing at the 2016 Rio Games.
"There was so much about the doll that was important to me," she said. "I know as a kid I was bullied for having larger legs, and sport taught me to embrace my body and to love my body and the strength that it could produce. I think that having strong legs helped me win a medal at the Olympic Games, so I wanted my legs to be larger, more athletic legs, toned legs. And I am very into eyeliner, so I wanted a strong-winged cat eye. And Mattel listened to everything, everything even down to the fabric of the hijab.
Last Update: Tuesday, 14 November 2017 KSA 08:18 - GMT 05:18
A mysterious man suddenly appeared on television during the interview with Lebanon's Prime Minister, Saad Hariri.
The man at the background triggered widespread speculation, amid various uncertainties in the minds of millions, asking about who he could possibly be and what message was on the rolled white paper he was holding.
He appeared near the table where the interview was taking place, when Hariri's eyes were wide open staring toward him with an angry and disgusted look.
The Lebanese Prime Minister looked away and gave him a signal to leave, and the man disappeared instantly.
What exactly happened was explained by Paula Yacoubian of Hariri's Future TV who was sent to interview him at his house in the Saudi capital.
About two minutes before the end of the interview, which lasted an hour and-a-half, she returned after a break and pointed to where the man was standing and stated that the man is "one of his staff".
The incident can be seen in the video broadcasted by Al Arabiya.net .
However, she went on not giving any explanation regarding "which" staff, leading some to think that the man is from the Saudi TV channel staff and had helped her in the interview process.
The interviewer explained that the appearance of the man caught on camera was a technical error and proved at least that the interview was conducted live and was not recorded. Otherwise, the man's appearance would have been edited out.
Fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld has sparked outrage by evoking the Holocaust as he attacked German Chancellor Angela Merkel for opening the country's borders to migrants.
"One cannot -- even if there are decades between them -- kill millions of Jews so you can bring millions of their worst enemies in their place," he told a French television show.
"I know someone in Germany who took a young Syrian and after four days said, 'The greatest thing Germany invented was the Holocaust'," he added.
Several hundred people lodged official complaints about Lagerfeld's comments, the French media regulator said on Monday after he appeared on the "Salut les terriens!" (Hello Earthlings!) talkshow on the C8 channel on Saturday.
Lambasts Merkel
The veteran Chanel designer, who was born in Hamburg just as Adolf Hitler came to power, had earlier lambasted Merkel for taking more than one million asylum seekers since the migrant crisis of 2015.
"Suddenly we see the pastor's daughter," he said in reference to Merkel's father, who was a Protestant minister in the former East Germany.
Lagerfeld, who is rarely afraid of controversy, said he was going to "say something horrific" before criticizing the chancellor for the "huge error" of accepting so many refugees from war-torn Syria and elsewhere.
"Look at France, the land of human rights, which has taken, I don't know, 10,000 or 20,000," he added.
The French TV regulator, the CSA, said it had received several hundred complaints over the weekend about Lagerfeld's comment, and was looking at the program.
The designer was roasted for the outburst on social media, although some users also came to his defence.
Last Update: Monday, 13 November 2017 KSA 15:54 - GMT 12:54
A shocking video has surfaced on Egyptian social media this week showing a group of men, armed with swords, attacking a pharmacist.
The incident occurred at a pharmacy in in the Ghariba governorate.
The pharmacist suffered serious injuries to his hand as he attempted to fight off the intruders.
Before fleeing the scene, the men destroyed the pharmacy.
The motive behind their attack is unknown since the CCTV footage showed no signs of theft.
Last Update: Monday, 13 November 2017 KSA 08:36 - GMT 05:36
A court in Pakistan came up with a unique punishment for a man convicted of harassing a woman. The convict was made to stand around the roundabouts displaying traffic banners for 36 days.
Mohammad Ajmal faced charges after he allegedly harassed a lady health worker in Multan. The banner he has had to display was meant to spread awareness regarding over-speeding.
According to a Tribune news report, the court also directed probation officers to monitor the implementation of the orders.
The report also says that the Chief Justice of Sindh High Court, Ahmed Ali Sheikh, has taken notice of the unusual punishment and has asked for a thorough report in this regard.
Last Update: Monday, 13 November 2017 KSA 16:19 - GMT 13:19
President Rodrigo Duterte crooned a hit Filipino love song at a dinner in Manila for leaders from across Asia, explaining later that it was "on the orders of US President Donald Trump".
Trump and Duterte were among 19 leaders at a glittering gala in the Philippines capital on Sunday ahead of an annual summit, and at one point Duterte took the microphone to sing "Ikaw" (You), in a duet with local pop diva Pilita Corrales.
One of the song's verses, translated from Filipino, begins: "You are the light in my world, a half of this heart of mine".
"Ladies and gentlemen, I sang uninvited, upon the orders of the commander-in-chief of the United States," Duterte said later, according to the ABS-CBN news channel.
Duterte, who is sometimes described as the 'Trump of the East' because of his brash style, is due to meet the U.S. president on the sidelines of the summit on Monday.
The United States and its former colony, the Philippines, have been strategic allies since World War Two. But their relations have been strained by anti-US outbursts from Duterte and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China.
More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in a war on drugs that Duterte declared when he took office last year. His government says the police act in self defense, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability.
Duterte said last week he would tell the US president to "lay off" if he raised the issue of human rights when they met.
But Trump, who has been criticized at home for neglecting rights issues in dealings abroad, praised Duterte in May for doing an "unbelievable job on the drug problem".
Trump and leaders of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations, China, Russia, Japan, Canada, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand were entertained by singers and dancers at the dinner.
Each of the men sported a cream-colored barong, a traditional Philippines shirt made of fiber from the pineapple plant, hand-embroidered and worn untucked.
They were served a four-course Filipino-Asian fusion meal curate and prepared by Chef Jessie Sincioco, who also designed the menu for Pope Francis when he visited the Philippines in 2015.
Last Update: Monday, 13 November 2017 KSA 09:31 - GMT 06:31
It's bad news for white truffle fans. Dry weather and changing climate patterns have hit production and sent prices soaring.
The winning bidder for the biggest truffle at this year's Alba White Truffle auction in Italy, from Hong Kong, paid $87,000 for a well-rounded truffle weighing 850 grams.
Master truffle hunter Piercarlo Vacchina has trained his two dogs Rocky and Jimmy to hunt for the delicacy but says the last few years of drought have taken their toll. He insists he's not in it for the money any more.
"More than the money, I'd say it's the passion - because unfortunately in the last few years, it's been really hard to pay even the dogs' expenses, the vet bills and everything," he says.
Hostess carries a set of truffles weighing 850 grams during the international auction for truffles at the Grinzane Castle in Grinzane Cavour near Alba, Italy, November 12, 2017. (Reuters)
Alba, a small town in the northwestern region of Piemonte, is known as Italy's white truffle capital.
Every year at this time it hosts the famous International Alba White Truffle Fair which attracts around 100,000 visitors from all over the world who come to buy, sell and smell the tasty tuber.
A highlight of the fair is the truffle auction, now in its eighteenth year, with proceeds going to charitable causes. This Sunday it took place in Grinzane Cavour Castle with live satellite links to Hong Kong and Dubai.
But climate change, drought and severe storms, and a trend to grow more vines for wine, have undermined production and sent prices soaring.
A waitress grates a truffle on a dish in a local market in Alba, northwestern Italy, November 11, 2017. (Reuters)
"It's not an exceptional year. It's a poor year, with very high prices and very few truffles," says truffle hunter and seller Gianluca Sacchetto.
Over the past 25 years, there has been a 30 percent decrease in truffle production - and, in some places, they are disappearing altogether.
Almost two-thirds of Italy's farmland has been hit by a prolonged drought this year, costing Italian agriculture some 2 billion euros, according to farmers association Coldiretti.
Limited supply of white truffles inevitably drives the prices up and this year they have reached an all time high with an average price of 6,000 euros per kilo.
Truffle hunter Marilena Tarable says with this week's much needed rain the truffles have started growing a little bigger and a bit rounder because the earth has softened.
"But up until now, with the very hard earth, it's really hard to extract them," she says.
Last Update: Monday, 13 November 2017 KSA 03:45 - GMT 00:45
US President Donald Trump has traded messages over social media platform Twitter declaring he would never call North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un as 'short and fat' on Sunday, according to BBC.
The spam of tweets took place after Trump's official welcoming ceremony in the Vietnamese capital Hanoi.
He expressed his thoughts on a range of subjects from relations with Russia, China's efforts to rein in North Korea, and sarcastic message about his offer to become friends with Kim.
Trump's own difference with North Korea continues to increase, between the insults shared across Twitter.
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 12, 2017
North Korea criticized Trump's trip calling it a 'warmonger's visit' and described the president as 'old'. This led to Trump responding on Twitter, I would NEVER call him 'short and fat'.
According to BBC News, Trump was asked at a conference if he could see himself being friends with Mr Kim, he answered: 'That might be a strange thing to happen but it's a possibility.'
The president also stated that it would be a 'good thing' for North Korea and the world if he and Kim could become friends.
A painting thought by scholars to be one of only a few by Leonardo da Vinci to have survived the half-millennia since the artist's death is set to be auctioned Wednesday in New York, where it is guaranteed to sell for at least $100 million. Art lovers have lined up by the thousands at special presale exhibitions in Hong Kong, San Francisco, London and New York to see the only work by the Renaissance master in private hands. The 500-year-old oil painting depicting Christ holding a crystal ...
New Saudi strategy aimed at recruiting concept of change as an ally.
