London, England - Saudi Arabia is a country in crisis, from the kingdom's contribution to more bloodshed in Yemen to its growing rivalry with Iran, as it attempts to convince the rest of the world that liberalism is expanding at home, delegates at a conference in the UK capital have heard.
As the kingdom reels from a rapid succession of developments, politicians and academics gathered in London to speak on Saturday at the "Crisis in Saudi Arabia: War, Succession and the Future" summit, attended by around 200 people and organised by the non-profit press monitoring organisation Middle East Monitor.
Paddy Ashdown, the former leader of Britain's Liberal Democratic party who once mediated in the Bosnian conflict, warned that it was crucial for countries such as the UK and US not take sides in a stand-off unfolding between Saudi Arabia and Iran.
"Now we are in a really dangerous situation where if a war breaks out, you have the great powers supporting opposite sides," he said, referring to Russian support of Iran and the West's backing of Saudi-led initiatives, such as the coalition in Yemen.
"I have long been warning that if we didn't help to build bridges and the West simply supported the Sunnis, in this case Saudi Arabia, that it would be inevitable that Russia would support the Shia," he said.
Ashdown also described the sale of British arms to Riyadh for use in the war in Yemen and the UK's "tacit support" for the Saudis as "shameful".
"It is shameful that Britain is supplying weapons and indeed tacit support to Saudi Arabia when it is clearly in breach of international law in its indiscriminate attacks on civilians in Yemen."
Regional rivalry
Tensions between Riyadh and Tehran, already heated over the Yemen war, have risen in recent weeks after the kingdom precipitated the sudden resignationof the Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri, focusing attention on the potential for the escalation of a wider conflict with Iranian proxies such as Hezbollah.
The launch of a missile towards Riyadh, meanwhile, by Yemen's Houthi rebels - who are believed to be backed by Iran - was ultimately blamed by Saudi officials on Hezbollah and Tehran.
The audience heard keynote speakers and experts discuss growing fault-lines, contradictions and tensions in the kingdom.
Jack Straw, who has served as Britain's foreign secretary as well as home secretary, said Saudi Arabia's defence spending is the fourth highest in the world, outstripping that of its regional rival, Iran. However, he noted that the true scale of social inequality in the country was unknown because its "absolutist" rulers have prevented scrutiny.
"We have seen a very good example of that exercise of absolutist power with the detentions on November 4 of around 200 senior Saudis now incarcerated in the most luxurious prison in the world, the Ritz, and facing allegations of systematic corruption totalling $100bn, equivalent to the whole of Saudi Arabia's national debt," said Straw.
Mohammed bin Salman's moves
Saudi Arabia has reached a turning point in how it views its strategic role in the Middle East since Mohammed bin Salman, the son of King Salman, was named crown prince in June.
The ambitious 33-year-old Mohammed bin Salman is also the country's defence minister. He has introduced a series of social and economic reforms as he consolidates his power.
{articleGUID}
His latest move - the arrest in a corruption crackdown of more than 30 senior figures, including members of the extended royal family - has been interpreted by critics as a political purge to defuse public disquiet over corruption at the highest levels, but also to neutralise potential rivals.
But Mohammed bin Salman's efforts to assert the kingdom's regional primacy through an assertive foreign policy have backfired in Yemen and Qatar, and are opening a new front in Saudi Arabia's regional rivalry with Iran.
Egypt and Saudi Arabia, along with the kingdom's Gulf neighbours Bahrain and the UAE launched a blockade against Qatar in June, accusing Doha of supporting "terrorism" - a claim Qatar strongly denies.
'PR stunt'
Madawi al-Rasheed, a visiting professor at the London School of Economics, said the rise of Mohammed bin Salman represented a concentration of power in a country once distinguished by multiple "fiefdoms" in which power was shared between clans.
She dismissed the corruption crackdown spearheaded by the young Saudi as a public relations stunt.
"Of course this is a great PR initiative because all of us love to see those corrupt people behind bars, but these anti-corruption purges take place in an opaque kingdom with no freedom of expression and with no independent judiciary," she said.
"We know that dictators pick a few people, put them in jail, accuse them of corruption, and that's a very effective, populist way of getting rid of your rivals."
Madawi warned liberals outside Saudi Arabia not to be "taken in" by Mohammed bin Salman's recent reforms concerning women, such as permitting them to drive.
"These are media and PR exercises that want us to believe that the regime has actually changed," she said.
"Nothing has changed, all we have seen is a concentration of power in the hands of one man and a purge of the … regime to pave the way for the arrival of a new elite that will appropriate the resources and that is under no obligation to explain its budget or its corruption to anybody."
Professor Ahmed al-Dubai, a Yemeni scholar, traced the historical role Saudi Arabia had played in his country, and interpreted the current conflict as an attempt to limit the progress of democratisation in the wider region since the uprisings of 2011.
Hugh Miles, a journalist who exposed the Saudi government's secret programme to kidnap defectors and dissidents living in Europe, argued that the principal motive for the recent crackdown by Mohammed bin Salman, known colloquially as "MBS" was personal rivalry.
"The main reason for the purge is money: MBS needs to cover the deficit and he also wants to enrich himself," said Miles.
"He was not happy with the slow pace of enrichment through normal means like defence contracts, so he decided to speed it up by seizing his cousins' money."
Journalist and analyst Bill Law agreed, suggesting that the recent crackdown represented a purge of commercial rivals. The conflict in Yemen was an effort by Mohammed bin Salman to burnish his reputation as a "warrior prince", he said.
The Saudi-headed coalition, which supports Yemen's internationally recognised government, has been at war with the Houthi rebels since March 2015.
The coalition has been repeatedly criticised for attacking civilians during the conflict.
More than 10,000 people have been killed and more than 40,000 injured since the outbreak of the conflict, according to the United Nations.
A cholera outbreak has also claimed the lives of more than 1,800 people since April, with 400,000 suspected cases across the country, according to the UN and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Here are the latest developments since Saudi Arabia began a new "anti-corruption" purge:
Saudi Arabia striking deals with people held. Saudi authorities are striking agreements with some of those held, asking them to hand over assets and cash in return for their freedom, Reuters reported.
Saudi UN envoy: Detainees to get due process. Speaking at a press conference at UN headquarters in New York on Monday, Abdallah al-Mouallim assured that the detainees would be granted due process.
Kuwait banks told to examine Saudi accounts. Kuwaiti banks have been told by the central bank to provide account details relating to some Saudi Arabian nationals, sources familiar with the situation told Reuters on Monday.
Some banks in Bahrain had also been asked to provide information on any accounts held by Saudi citizens caught up in the anti-graft campaign.
Credit risk surges in Saudi Arabia. The cost of insuring debt in Saudi Arabia is at a 22-month high, according to data published by Bloomberg on Sunday.
Report alleges detainees injury. Citing sources close to Saudi Arabia's royal court, Middle East Eye reported on Sunday that some of the Saudi royals detained have been hospitalised.
World Bank applauds fighting corruption. Hafez Ghanem, vice president of the World Bank for the Middle East and North Africa told Arab News on Saturday that fighting corruption is important for development in Saudi Arabia.
Ghanem, however, declined to comment on specific legal proceedings in the Kingdom.
Fake photos of detained royals. Photos shared on social media of Saudi Prince Al Waleed bin Talal and other royals detained in the anti-corruption purge appeared to be mockups for an upcoming TV show.
Tillerson concerned over Saudi purge. Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's recent political purge raises concerns and remains unclear but does not appear to amount to mass arrests, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday.
"It raises a few concerns until we see more clearly how these particular individuals are dealt with," Tillerson added.
GCC stock markets tank . Total market capitalisation for the region has fallen to its lowest level since 2016, as per Bloomberg's data published on Friday.
King Salman appoints more judges . Saudi Arabia's king issued a royal order on Thursday to appoint and promote 50 judges at the Board of Grievances, the state news agency SPA said.
Tillerson speaks to al- Jubeir. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has spoken to Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Al Jubeir about the situation in Saudi Arabia, US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Thursday.
Seven released without charge. Saudi Arabia's Attorney General Saud al-Mojeb said in a statement on Thursday that seven people were released without charge, while 201 people remain detained.
Al-Mojeb also said: "To ensure individuals enjoy full legal rights under Saudi law, no more personal info to be revealed at this time."
King Salman appoints new judges. Saudi Arabia's king issued a royal order on Thursday that promoted 26 judges and appointed 30 others at different levels of the judiciary, the state news agency SPA said.
UAE central bank calls for account details. Citing a central bank notice seen by the Financial Times, FT reported on Thursday that the United Arab Emirates central bank has called on banks to provide information on accounts, deposits and transfers related to the 19 Saudis implicated in the anti-corruption crackdown.
Talal praised MBS before purge. Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi told Deutsche Welle on Wednesday that detained Saudi Prince Al Waleed bin Talal contacted him just days before being arrested.
According to Khashoggi, Bin Talal praised Mohamed bin Salman's vision and invited him to come back to the Kingdom and be part of it.
Saudi Arabia makes new arrests. A number of other individuals suspected of wrongdoing were arrested on Wednesday in an expansion of the crackdown, Reuters reported.
Others under scrutiny are being telephoned by investigators about their finances but appear to remain at liberty, one of the sources said.
Saudi's stock market continue to fall. Saudi Arabia's stock market continued to fall in early trade on Wednesday.
Saudi Arabia reassures investors. Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Commerce and Investment issued a statement on Tuesday reassuring investors that the sweeping arrests would not affect businesses.
Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Commerce and Investment issued a statement on Tuesday reassuring investors that the sweeping arrests would not affect businesses. "The rights of individuals and legal entities, public funds, and private companies and institutions, including those owned by some of the accused and detainees," the statement reads.
More accounts frozen. Citing private sources, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Saudi's central bank froze dozens of individuals who aren't under arrest.
The sources also claimed that the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority sent a list with hundreds of names to lenders, telling them to freeze any accounts linked to them.
Trump welcomes Saudi arrests. US President Donald Trump expressed "great confidence" in Saudi leaders on Monday. "They know exactly what they are doing," Trump tweeted.
Anti-corruption probe widens. Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, the founder of Al Tayyar Travel is reportedly arrested in an investigation by the new corruption body.
According to Reuters news agency, Al Tayyar Travel, one of Saudi Arabia's biggest travel companies, said in a statement: " The company confirms the continuation of its business to serve the interests of its shareholders and customers."
Houthis offer asylum to Saudi princes. Houthi rebels said on Sunday that they are willing to offer Saudi Princes political asylum in Yemen.
Saad Hariri's resignation as Lebanese prime minister could lead to an extended crisis in the country with neither Iran nor Saudi Arabia achieving their preferred outcomes, analysts told Al Jazeera.
Hariri quit in a televised speech while in Saudi Arabia on Saturday, just 11 months into his second stint as premier, plunging the country into uncertainty.
Blaming Iran for causing "disorder and destruction" in Lebanon, he lashed out at Hezbollah, the Islamic Republic's main ally in the country, as "Iran's arm".
However, the group rejects the reason given for the departure.
In the aftermath of the resignation, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah expressed incredulity at Hariri's speech and accused Riyadh of forcing him to step down.
The resignation was a Saudi order, forced upon him and was not his wish or his desire Hassan Nasrallah, leader of Hezbollah
"The resignation was a Saudi order, forced upon him and was not his wish or his desire," Nasrallah said. "We know how Prime Minister Hariri talks and his political phrases, this was unlike him."
Lebanese journalist Ibrahim Awad shares Nasrallah's scepticism, pointing out that Hariri's speech stood in stark contrast to his recent behaviour.
Awad said just two days before his resignation, Hariri met Ali Akbar Velayati, an influential former Iranian foreign minister who is close to Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khameini.
{articleGUID}
"The sequence of events and the meetings that took place before Hariri's resignation do not make any sense," Awad told Al Jazeera.
"You can't meet [an] Iranian leader [one day] and the next day you demand to cut off Iran's hand in Lebanon," he added.
Replacing Hariri
Irrespective of the circumstances of the resignation, Lebanon must deal with the complicated reality of finding Hariri's replacement and preventing the collapse of the government.
According to Lebanon's constitution, the office of prime minister must be held by a Sunni.
The difficulty for Hezbollah is to find a Sunni politician, who is willing to risk the ire of many in their wider community, by taking on the role of prime minister - and someone that can work with the group itself.
Halim Shebaya, a political analyst at the Lebanese American University, said that Hezbollah will find it "practically impossible" to find a Sunni politician to take up the office without Saudi Arabia's backing.
"While there are some less prominent Sunni leaders who are close to the party, it will be a huge gamble to go ahead in such a course of action since it would likely escalate tensions, with the possibility of witnessing street demonstrations," he said.
{articleGUID}
Without Hariri's Future Movement joining the government, one option according to Shebaya is "a technocratic government that could be headed by former prime ministers Najib Mikati or Tammam Salam with the sole aim of taking the country forward to next summer's elections".
But Shebaya said such a scenario is unlikely at the moment: "We don't know anything for certain yet since we are still waiting for Hariri to return to Lebanon, but it seems likely that Lebanon will witness an extended governmental crisis unless mediation efforts are successful."
Saudi-Iran tensions
The political crisis in Lebanon comes amid deteriorating relations between Saudi Arabia and Iran, both countries with vested financial and political interests in the country.
Saudi Arabia blamed Iran for supplying Houthi rebels in Yemen with the ballistic missile it intercepted north of Riyadh on Saturday, an incident it described as an "act of war".
That anger extended to Iran's ally Hezbollah and to Lebanon itself with Saudi officials calling the former the "party of the devil" and accusing the latter of declaring war against it.
[The Saudis] have played their trump card in some ways, and they're definitely at risk of having overplayed their hand, because now the question is what else is left to do? Christian Henderson, Leiden University
While the lack of Saudi backing makes reaching a political compromise harder, the country may have played its best hand too early, leaving it with few options for further action, according to Leiden University academic and Middle East analyst, Christian Henderson.
"[The Saudis] have played their trump card in some ways, and they're definitely at risk of having overplayed their hand, because now the question is what else is left to do?" Henderson asked.
"One of the main ways Saudi Arabia can put pressure on Lebanon is by withdrawing money from the country's banking system," he added, explaining that such a move would probably create more space for Iran to exert influence with financial help.
{articleGUID}
Iran for its part has adopted a publicly conciliatory tone on Lebanon and its President Hassan Rouhani has pledged not to let the country become an "arena for conflict".
"Iran will always stand by the Lebanese people and will spare no effort to contribute to consolidating Lebanon's stability and firmness, the Iranian president told his Lebanese counterpart Michel Aoun in a phone call on Wednesday, according to Lebanon's state news agency.
Follow Ali Younes @Ali_reports and Shafik Mandhai @ShafikFM on Twitter
British companies selling weapons have earned hundreds of millions of dollars by selling arms to Saudi Arabia during the ongoing war in Yemen, a report says.
New estimates released by the children's charity War Child reveal that since the Saudi-led coalition began its intervention in Yemen, UK weapons companies including BAE systems and Raytheon have earned revenues exceeding $8bn from dealings with Saudi Arabia, generating profits estimated at almost $775m.
The UK government, however, has received just $40m of corporate tax, the report said.
"This tax revenue figure is pitifully small and comes at the cost of thousands of children who have been killed, injured, and starved by a conflict that this trade has helped sustain," the report said.
A Saudi-led military coalition was formed in March 2015 to support Yemen's internationally recognised government in fighting the Iran-backed Houthi rebels.
READ MORE: UK activists demand end to Saudi Arabia, UAE arms sales
The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and has injured more than 40,000 to date, according to the United Nations.
In the past three years, the UK has approved arms export licences to Saudi Arabia worth $4.7bn, including the Tornado aircraft, which is partially manufactured by BAE systems, vehicles and tanks, including BAE's Tactica armoured vehicles valued at $580,000 and $1.48bn worth of grenades missiles and bombs.
Since then, Saudi Arabia has been involved both directly and indirectly in the conflict in Yemen, where it faces accusations of war crimes and other abuses.
The report argues that the policy of selling arms to Saudi Arabia is financially inconsistent and does not "represent good value for money".
The UK reaps a minimal tax take from arms sales in Saudi Arabia - just $18m in corporation tax in 2016 - yet, the will spend $187m in humanitarian aid to Yemen, according to War Child.
"The arms trade directly counteracts much of the benefits Yemeni children and other civilians might expect to receive from the provision of aid, undermining the Department for International Development's policy of getting value for money from the aid it commits," the report said.
In July, Campaign Against Arms Trade (CAAT) lost a high-profile case calling for UK arms sales to Saudi Arabia to be stopped over humanitarian concerns.
The High Court ruled that there had been extensive political and military engagement with Saudi Arabia regarding the conduct of operations in Yemen and the Saudis had "sought positively to address concerns about international humanitarian law".
Days after the court ruling, the British government licensed $321m worth of arms sales to Saudi Arabia in the six months after an air raid by the Saudi-led coalition killed 140 people at a funeral in the Yemeni capital Sanaa.
The country is also facing a health crisis, with more than 2,000 people having died from cholera since April, more than half a million people infected, and another 600,000 expected to contract the infection this year.
Aid groups have also accused Saudi Arabia of blocking needed assistance and goods from areas that are most in need.
Saudi Arabia and its allies have said they aim to prevent arms shipments to the Houthis, but aid groups say the curbs have deepened the suffering of millions.
The coalition has repeatedly been criticised for civilian casualties. Human Rights Watch accused it on Tuesday of war crimes, saying air raids that hit family homes and a grocery store were carried out either deliberately or recklessly, causing indiscriminate loss of civilian lives.

Recent developments in Saudi Arabia - including the sacking and detention of senior ministers and princes, and the televised resignation of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri from Riyadh - come in the context of a regional power play by Saudi against Iran, analysts say.
Hariri's resignation occurred just hours before dozens of Saudi princes, ministers, businessmen and religious scholars were arrested under orders from Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. In announcing his decision to step down, Hariri, who heads the Sunni-majority Future Movement party, blamed interference in Lebanon by Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah.
Al Jazeera explores who the key players are and how the situation reached this point.
What is Hariri's connection to Saudi Arabia?
Hariri's business and political links to Saudi Arabia stretch back to his father, Rafik Hariri, a business tycoon and former prime minister who was assassinated in 2005, a year after resigning his premiership.
"Saad Hariri inherited his father's business across the kingdom, including partnerships and financial ties with some of the princes included in the purge," said Ibrahim Halawi, a lecturer in contemporary Middle East politics at the Royal Holloway University in London.
{articleGUID}
The government in Riyadh wanted to "kill two birds with one stone", Halawi told Al Jazeera - consolidating power locally, "which required moving Hariri to Riyadh and allegedly - according to some Lebanese local reports - taking over his assets ... [while] simultaneously attempting to shake Hezbollah's comfortable seat in Hariri's 'unity government'."
Hariri's prime ministership lasted barely a year after a prolonged political deadlock left Lebanon without a president for more than two years and without a parliament for 11 months.
The government was an unusual national unity coalition of pro- and anti-Syria government parties, including Hezbollah and Hariri's Future Movement.
But this underscored for Saudi Arabia the dangers of a coalition composed of parties with opposing interests, particularly when Hezbollah appeared to hold the most sway. Hezbollah has embroiled itself in Syria's civil war as a staunch ally of President Bashar al-Assad, alongside international allies Russia and Iran.
What is behind the anti-Hezbollah sentiment?
Hariri accused Iran of fomenting "disorder and destruction" and meddling in the internal affairs of Lebanon and other Arab states. He described Hezbollah as "Iran's arm" in Lebanon, noting: "They have built a state within a state."
Hariri's resignation speech echoed a tweet by Saudi Minister of State for Gulf Affairs Thamer al-Sabhan, who had met Hariri a few days earlier. In his tweet, Sabhan said: "The hands of treachery and aggression must be amputated" - a reference to Hezbollah and Iran.
"Lebanon after [Hariri's] resignation will not be like it was before," he tweeted on Monday. "It will not accept being used as a platform to spring terrorism onto our countries. It is up to their leaders to decide whether they want to be a peaceful or terrorist state."
Lina Khatib, head of the Middle East and North Africa programme at Chatham House, told Al Jazeera that Hariri's resignation from Riyadh was a clear sign that Saudi Arabia is no longer "willing to accommodate Iranian influence" in Lebanon.
"The announcement of the resignation from Riyadh sends the message that Saad Hariri is firmly aligned with Saudi Arabia, making his resignation more of an episode in the Saudi-Iranian rivalry than an internal Lebanese affair," she said.
Khatib noted that Hariri's position in a government with Hezbollah representatives was "not sustainable".
"Instead of being able to stand up to Iran's interests from within the government, he was becoming increasingly closer to accommodating those interests," she said.
What will happen to Lebanon's government?
In a televised speech, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah rejected claims of Iranian meddling and said the decision was "Saudi-imposed". He went on to denounce the tone and text of Hariri's speech and questioned the motive behind the surprise resignation.
In light of Hariri's resignation, the current national unity government is likely to fall, leaving the country facing an "indefinite period of political vacuum," Khatib said. Being one of the country's strongest political parties, Hezbollah is still a "tool for realising Iranian interests" in the region, she added.
Firas Maksad, deputy executive director of Arabia Foundation, told Al Jazeera that as the dominant power in Lebanon, Hezbollah has "the most to lose and would rather remain focused on their fight in Syria".
"One plausible scenario has Lebanon limping along with a caretaker government, unable to form a new cabinet without securing the approval of Hariri's Future Movement," he said.
Though there is little doubt that Saudi Arabia enjoys "significant influence in Lebanon", there are also domestic factors, he said.
"Hariri entered into a coalition government with Hezbollah on the basis of a political compromise, which steadily eroded over the past year," Maksad said.
"Instead, Hariri's continuation in government came to provide political cover for Hezbollah's activities, including its deepening military involvements in Syria, Yemen and Iraq, regular verbal assaults against Saudi Arabia, and its recent pressuring of the Lebanese government to restore diplomatic ties with the Assad regime."
Who has the regional advantage?
Iran's influence in the region has significantly increased over the past few years, particularly in the context of limiting the expansion and influence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group (ISIL, also known as ISIS). In Iraq, Iranian-backed Shia-dominated paramilitaries known as the Popular Mobilisation Forces have been dubbed as the country's second - and stronger - army.
In Yemen, Saudi remains deadlocked in a war waged since March 2015 against the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels, who have been fighting against the Saudi-backed central government.
"The Saudis are clearly stepping up their zero-sum rivalry with Iran throughout the region," Ali Vaez, an Iran expert with the International Crisis Group, told Al Jazeera. "Iran has had the upper hand so far in the competition over regional influence, but the Saudis are hoping that the Trump administration would tilt the balance in their favour."
One example of that, Halawi noted, is the US attempt to increase pressure on Hezbollah.
"The US is trying to tease Hezbollah's high ground through its recent wave of sanctions against its funders and members, and pressuring the Lebanese financial establishment to fully comply with the sanctions strategy," he said.
Who is leading the charge in Saudi?
Khatib noted that the recent upheaval in Saudi Arabia aims to consolidate the authority of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, empowering him to set the country's foreign policy agenda.
The 32-year-old heads Saudi's new anti-corruption committee, aimed at "identifying offences, crimes, and persons and entities involved in cases of public corruption", with the power to issue arrest warrants, impose travel bans, freeze accounts and track funds and assets.
The probe, which has purged Saudi royals, senior ministers and businessmen, appears to be widening, while it remains unclear whether Hariri will return to Lebanon.
{articleGUID}
Over the past year, Mohammed bin Salman has become the ultimate decision-maker for the kingdom's military, foreign, economic and social policies, championing his "Vision 2030" plan, which includes subsidy cuts, tax hikes and sales of state assets.
According to Luciano Zaccara, a Gulf politics researcher at Qatar University, the events of the past few days are a testament to Mohammed bin Salman's ability to lead the fight against Iran and its allies.
"The coincidence with the internal changes in Saudi proves that the succession towards Mohammed bin Salman is approaching, and that Saudi needs to make sure that nobody will challenge the legitimacy of Mohammed bin Salman as the new ruler, neither internally nor regionally," Zaccara said.
"For that, proving that Saudi has leverage in other countries, such as Lebanon, and that they can prevent the Iranian influence to extend there is an asset for Mohammed bin Salman, to demonstrate his external power, which is coupled internally with the fact that he is eliminating any possible internal challenge to his authority once the transition is done."
Follow Linah Alsaafin @LinahAlsaafin and Farah Najjar @NajjarF91 on Twitter
Saad Hariri has announced his resignation as Lebanon's prime minister and implicitly blamed Iran and its Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, for his decision.
In a televised speech on Saturday, he said he suspected there were covert plans to target his life, but he did not elaborate.
Hariri, who made the statement during a visit to Saudi Arabia, said Iran planted "disorder and destruction" in the country and meddled in the internal issues of Lebanon as well as other Arab countries.
Referring to Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran, Hariri said, "Iran's arm ... has managed to impose a fait accompli on Lebanon through the power of its weapons" in the last few decades.
"They have built a state within a state," said Hariri from the Saudi capital, Riyadh.
"I say to Iran and its allies - you have lost in your efforts to meddle in the affairs of the Arab world," he continued, adding that the region "will rise again and the hands that you have wickedly extended into it will be cut off."
Hariri, a leading Sunni politician, has been in office for less than a year, but previously served as prime minister between 2009 and 2011.
He assumed office as prime minister again in December 2016 in a power-sharing government headed by President Michel Aoun, a supporter of Hezbollah, whose members have been charged by the International Court of Justice with assassinating Hariri's father, Rafik, in a 2005 bombing.
The country spent two years in political deadlock without a president before Aoun's election in October 2016, after Hariri endorsed the latter, a move seen by some analysts as a sign of Iran's influence in Lebanon.
His resignation now casts doubt on Lebanon's political future.
Walid Jumblatt, leader of Lebanon's Druze and the Progressive Socialist Party, said Hariri's resignation could adversely affect the country.
He said it was the latest evidence of a power struggle between Saudi Arabia and Iran and urged intensification of diplomatic efforts to defuse tensions.
"Lebanon is too small and vulnerable to bear the economic and political burden that comes with this resignation," Jumblatt said via social media. "I will continue to call for dialogue between Saudi Arabia and Iran."
Iranian reaction
Iran's foreign ministry said Hariri's resignation would lead to tension in Lebanon and the region.
In a statement published on the ministry's website, Bahram Qassemi, a spokesman, said: "The resigning Lebanese prime minister's repetition of the unrealistic and unfounded accusations of the Zionists, Saudis and Americans against Iran is an indication that this resignation is a new scenario for creating tension in Lebanon and the region.
"But we believe that the resistant people of Lebanon will pass this stage easily.
"The sudden resignation of Mr Hariri and his statement in another country is not only surprising and regrettable but is also an indication of his playing a game designed by those who want ill for the region, and the winner of this game is not Arabic or Muslim countries but the Zionists."
Earlier, Hossein Sheikholeslam, another foreign ministry official, said in a tweet: "Hariri's resignation was masterminded by #Trump & Saudi Crown Prince #MBS."
Al Jazeera's Zein Basravi, reporting from Tehran, said: "The alliance between Hezbollah and Iran is no secret to anyone. It began and flourished in the 1980s when Lebanon was occupied by Israeli military forces.
"In more recent times, Hezbollah has been a key strategic partner for Iran in the conflict in Syria and is an important reason why Bashar al-Assad is still in power in Syria.
"Iran's approach to regional conflicts is to speak softly and carry a big stick, and Hezbollah has been an extension of that stick in Lebanon and Syria."
Imad Harb, a political analyst at the Arab Center in Washington, DC, said that for Hariri to make the announcement in Riyadh "basically means he can't have control over his government or his country.
"Hezbollah has been in control of the Lebanese state for quite a while and now it's a supposed victory in Syria on the side of the Syrian regime," Harb told Al Jazeera, referring to Hezbollah's role in fighting alongside forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who has slowly taken back control over his country following a six-year civil war.
"This has definitely affected Hariri's decision to resign, I have no doubt that maybe he is afraid for his life."
'Surprise coup'
Speaking from Beirut, Kamel Wazne, a Lebanese political analyst, told Al Jazeera: "This is a surprise coup by all measures. Everything was fine within the country.
"There is an election coming up. Everybody is talking about planning for of the economic future of the country, and a call came from Saudi Arabia and everything changed.
"This comes in light of imminent American sanctions against Lebanon, certain threats coming from Israel and escalation by the Saudis.
"I think the prime minister probably caved in to the demands of the Saudis and he declared his resignation from Saudi Arabia. This does not bode very well for the stability of Lebanon."
Yemen's Houthi rebels have claimed responsibility for a loud explosion in Riyadh, saying they fired a long-range ballistic missile that travelled more than 800km over the border with Saudi Arabia.
A spokesman for the rebels told Al Jazeera they launched a Burkan 2-H missile - a Scud-type missile with a range of more than 800km - towards Riyadh late on Saturday.
"The capital cities of countries that continually shell us, targeting innocent civilians, will not be spared from our missiles," the spokesman said.
Al Masirah, a TV network run by the Houthi rebels, also claimed responsibility for the attack on Twitter.
Videos on social media showed smoke rising from an area near Riyadh's King Khalid International Airport.
The official Saudi news agency SPA quoted Colonel Turki al-Maliki as saying that at exactly 8:07pm local time (17:07 GMT), a ballistic missile was fired from Yemeni territory towards the kingdom.
Maliki said Saudi forces used a surface-to-air Patriot missile to destroy the missile, which shattered into fragments in an uninhabited area east of the airport.
He added that there were no reported casualties.
Al Jazeera could not independently verify the reports.
In an interview with Al Jazeera earlier this month, Mohammed Abdul Salam, a spokesman for the Houthi rebels, threatened to escalate operations on the Yemeni-Saudi border and target deep inside the Kingdom.
"The Saudis started the war. Our response will continue and increase, whether it's targeting deep inside Saudi Arabia, targeting military positions where Saudi jets fly from, or military bases inside Yemeni territory," Abdul Salam said.
"Abu Dhabi and others that target Yemen, are as far as we're concerned, a fair military target. Any country that targets Yemen will be struck by our missiles."
The war in Yemen, the region's poorest country, started in 2014 after Houthi rebels seized control of the capital Sanaa and began pushing south towards the country's third-biggest city, Aden.
Concerned by the rise of the Houthi rebels, believed to be backed by regional rival Iran, Saudi Arabia and a coalition of Sunni Arab states launched an intervention in 2015 in the form of a massive air campaign aimed at reinstalling President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi's government.
Since then, more than 10,000 people have been killed and at least 40,000 wounded, mostly from Saudi-led air strikes.
Saudi Arabia has accused Iran of being responsible for Saturday's ballistic missile launched from Yemen that targeted Riyadh airport, warning that it could be "considered an act of war".
Saudi Arabia is threatening to retaliate and calling on the UN to act.
Al Jazeera's Natasha Ghoneim reports.
Saudi Arabia's anti-corruption purge has widened after one of the country's top businessmen was reportedly detained, accounts were frozen and a no-fly list was drawn up.
On Monday, Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, a board member of Saudi Arabia's biggest travel company, was reportedly added to the list of detainees, which already included some of the country's most influential officials and entrepreneurs.
Among those detained are 11 princes, four ministers and several former ministers, in what is seen as an unprecedented crackdown that has shaken the kingdom.
The dramatic steps were the latest in a series of measures by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to assert power over the country and its previous leaders.
On Saturday, King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announced that his son, the crown prince, would oversee a newly formed anti-graft commission that would purge the country of corruption.
{articleGUID}
In a statement via the Saudi Center for International Communication, Khalid bin Abdulmohsen Al-Mehaisen, president of the anti-corruption commission, said: "The evidence of transgressions and financial mismanagement uncovered recently points to widespread corruption in a number of cases.
"The responsibility of the new anti-corruption committee is to ensure that investigations into those cases are completed, and that the full force of the law is applied," Mehaisen said.
Attorney General Sheikh Saud al-Mojeb said that the purge was only "phase one" and that detainees had been questioned.
"Yesterday [Saturday] does not represent the start, but the completion of Phase One of our anti-corruption push," Mojeb said, adding that investigations were done discreetly "in order to preserve the integrity of the legal proceedings and ensure there was no flight from justice".
{articleGUID}
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a billionaire businessman who owns investment firm Kingdom Holding was among those held, according to Reuters news agency, citing an unnamed senior official.
The list of detainees also included senior ministers who were recently sacked, such as Prince Mitaab bin Abdullah, the head of the National Guard, and Adel Faqih, the economy minister.
'No-fly list'
On Monday, stock in Al Tayyar Travel was down 10 percent in the opening minutes at Saudi Arabia's stock index after media reported the detention of Tayyar.
Meanwhile, Saudi banks reportedly started freezing bank accounts of the suspects.
"The committee has the authority to reveal the bank details of the accused, freeze their assets and funds, and take other appropriate measures," anti-corruption commission president, Mehaisen, said.
"However, it will ensure that no wrongdoer is able to escape punishment, regardless of their position and status, while at the same time doing everything to protect the innocent. As Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has stated clearly, no one is above the law, and no one who is proven to have indulged in corruption will escape, not even a prince or a minister."
{articleGUID}
Pan-Arab daily Al-Asharq Al-Awsat reported that a no-fly list has been issued and that security forces in several Saudi airports were ordered to bar private jets owners from taking off without a permit.
"Security members were seen in the lounges of private jets to monitor the situation and to make sure that no plane leaves the kingdom without a permit," the newspaper reported, citing unnamed sources, adding that security personnel were given a list of specific names of individuals who should be prevented from leaving.
The shake-up of the Saudi government comes just months after King Salman replaced his nephew Mohammed bin Nayef with his son Mohammed as the kingdom's crown prince.
Mohammed bin Salman has been responsible for pushing through a number of changes both at home and abroad since he became first in line to the Saudi crown.
Correction: 21/6/2017: A previous version of this article stated that the Allegiance Council voted 34 to 31 in favour of the changes. The council in fact endorsed the changes by 31 out of 34.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has appointed his son, Mohammed bin Salman, as heir, in a major reshuffle announced early on Wednesday.
A royal decree removed Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, a 57-year-old nephew of the king, as next-in-line to the throne and replaced him with Mohammed bin Salman, 31, who was previously the deputy crown prince.
According to the official Saudi Press Agency, the newly announced crown prince was also named deputy prime minister and maintained his post as defence minister.
The former crown prince was also fired from his post as interior minister, the decree said.
READ MORE: Saudi Arabia's royal shuffle - All decrees in full
The series of decrees also amended Article V of the kingdom's statute of ruling, stipulating that, from now on, only the sons and grandsons of the founding King Faisal Al Saud can be kings and crown princes.
The decision by King Salman to promote his son and consolidate his power was endorsed by 31 out of 34 members of the Allegiance Council, the decree said.
The council is made up of senior members of the ruling Al Saud family.
The Saudi king called for a public pledging of allegiance to the new crown prince early on Wednesday, the channel said.
Mohammed bin Nayef promptly vowed loyalty to his successor after the decree.
Prince Mohammed bin Naif pledges allegiance to Prince Mohammed bin Salman as the Crown Prince at Al-Safa Palace in Makkah.#SPAGOV pic.twitter.com/cmzGxjwKRh — SPAENG (@Spa_Eng) June 21, 2017
Restructuring power
Mohammed bin Salman has risen to power under his father's reign. He had previously been in charge of his father's royal court when Salman was the crown prince.
Over the weekend, the king had issued a decree restructuring Saudi Arabia's system for prosecutions that stripped Mohammed bin Nayef of long-standing powers overseeing criminal investigations.
Instead, King Salman ordered that a newly named Office of Public Prosecution and prosecutor report directly to the monarch.
OPINION: The Gulf crisis - Royal ambitions and shaky alliances (June 15)
Mohammed bin Salman, embarked on major overseas visits, including a trip to the White House to meet President Donald Trump in March.
That visit to Washington helped lay the foundation for Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia in May, which marked the president's first overseas visit.
The trip was promoted heavily by the kingdom as proof of its weight in the region and wider Muslim world.
Yemen and Iran
Prince Mohammed bin Salman overhauled the kingdom's economy away from its reliance on oil. He also oversees the Saudi-led war in Yemen, as defence minister.
The war, launched more than two years ago, has failed to dislodge Iranian-allied rebels known as Houthis from the capital, Sanaa, and has had devastating effects on the impoverished country.
Rights groups say Saudi forces have killed scores of civilians and have called on the United States, as well as the UK and France, to halt the sale of weapons to Saudi Arabia that could be used in the Yemen war.
The new crown prince also ruled out any chance of dialogue with Iran.
READ MORE: Who are the key players in the GCC crisis?
In remarks aired on Saudi TV in May, Mohammed bin Salman framed the tensions with Iran in sectarian terms and said it is Iran's goal "to control the Islamic world" and to spread its Shia doctrine.
He also vowed to take "the battle" to Iran.
Iran and Saudi Arabia's rivalry has played out in proxy wars across the region.
They back opposite sides in the wars in Syria and Yemen and they support political rivals in Lebanon, Bahrain and Iraq.
As Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's anti-corruption purge widens, we ask how much money is at stake.
Dozens of Saudi Arabian royals, ministers and businessmen have been detained in an anti-corruption probe, which is seen as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman consolidating his power while alarming much of the traditional business establishment.
Fitch credit rating agency said the crackdown on the Kingdom's elite could bring a backlash and create political uncertainty in an already volatile region.
The prince's purge has been a wake-up call for many people doing business in the Arab world's biggest economy and oil producer. The Saudi Central Bank claims it's business as usual for lenders and the companies owned by those arrested, but reports say wealthy Saudis are moving assets out of the region.
The detention of Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has caused people to raise some eyebrows... now [there's] a nervousness about wanting to invest in Saudi Arabia or not. Michael Stephens, Royal United Services Institute
As assets built up through corruption will become state property, how much money is at stake?
The Wall Street Journal reports that the Saudi government is targeting as much as $800bn and has already frozen 1,700 bank accounts.
One of the tech world's most important investors is among those detained. Billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has stakes in Twitter, Apple, Citigroup and other western institutions.
According to Michael Stephens from the UK security think-tank, the Royal United Services Institute, Prince Mohammed "is trying to do two things. He's trying to take up the big boys, the big companies and say, 'Hey, corruption at the institutional level is not acceptable,' but he's also taking on individuals ... So if the evidence [of corruption] is there for all of these companies and all of these individuals, then I guess we'll accept what those corruption charges are in the international community. If the evidence is not there, then there's going to be a big problem.
"The detention of Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has caused people to raise some eyebrows. People are wondering what's going on there, unsure about their investments with Kingdom Holdings, which is a massive multinational conglomerate operating under Alwaleed bin Talal... people now have a nervousness about wanting to invest in Saudi Arabia or not," Stephens says.
Also on this episode of Counting the Cost:
China's Trump card: When the leaders of the world's two biggest economies met this week, the big question on everyone's mind was: Is US President Donald Trump changing his tune when it comes to China?
His two-day trip there was full of lavish pomp and ceremony, with China's President Xi Jinping looking eager to present a welcoming face. Non-binding deals were signed and the smiling faces and tone were certainly friendlier than during Trump's election campaign.
Geoff Lewis from Manulife Asset Management in Hong Kong offers his take.
Venezuela economy: President Nicolas Maduro has invited bondholders to Caracas to talk about debt restructuring. The country has a roughly $120bn foreign debt mountain, but servicing that debt has put Venezuela on the brink of starvation and bankruptcy. Is the country inching closer to an official default?
Iraq's Kurdish secession: The economy in the Kurdish region of Iraq has taken a hit after the referendum on secession. The central government in Baghdad has closed international airspace, tourists are staying away, and there's been fighting between Iraqi forces and Kurdish Peshmerga. And while a ceasefire is now in place, uncertainty continues to affect the region and its economy, as Stefanie Dekker reports from Dohuk in northern Iraq.
Paradise Papers: Calls for fairer global tax laws are growing louder, after it emerged that the US commerce secretary, Britain's Queen Elizabeth, pop star Bono and a top aide to the Canadian prime minister are among thousands named in a new leak of offshore financial accounts. Mereana Hond reports on the so-called Paradise Papers.
Apple's secret tax haven: This week, it was revealed that Apple uses a secret tax haven, the English Channel island of Jersey. Apple currently has $252bn of untaxed cash outside the US. The paradise papers allege that back in 2013, Irish officials under huge international pressure closed a tax loophole, so Apple legally made new arrangements in Jersey. This week's shares hit another all-time high, giving the tech giant a market value of over $900bn. Apple says it pays every dollar it owes, in every country around the world.
Source: Al Jazeera
In a reversal of a long-standing rule, Saudi Arabia has announced that it will now allow women to drive.
In a royal decree signed by King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, the order said it will be effective immediately but the rollout will take months, the Saudi Press Agency reported on Tuesday.
A high-level committee of ministers has been set up to examine the arrangements for the enforcement of the order.
The committee will take up the recommendations within 30 days from the date of the decree, and will be implemented between 23 and 24 of June 2018, based on the Islamic calendar.
The decree said that women would be allowed to drive "in accordance with the Islamic laws".
The announcement follows a gender-mixed celebration of Saudi National Day over the weekend, the first of its kind, which aimed to spotlight the kingdom's reform push, analysts said, despite a backlash from religious conservatives.
Women were also allowed into a sports stadium - previously a male-only arena - to watch a musical concert, a move that chimes with the government's "Vision 2030" plan for social and economic reform as the kingdom prepares for a post-oil era.
Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world which does not allow women to drive.
While there have been restrictions imposed on women drivers, some female activists have defied the ban leading to their arrests.
Women drivers have previously been arrested and cars have been confiscated, activists said.
In 2016, Alwaleed bin Talal, an influential Saudi prince called for an "urgent" end to the ban, saying it is a matter not just of rights but economic necessity.
"Preventing a woman from driving a car is today an issue of rights similar to the one that forbade her from receiving an education or having an independent identity," Alwaleed said.
"They are all unjust acts by a traditional society, far more restrictive than what is lawfully allowed by the precepts of religion."
He also detailed the "economic costs" of women having to rely on private drivers or taxis, since public transit is not a viable alternative in the kingdom.
Using foreign drivers drains billions of dollars from the Saudi economy, Alwaleed said.
He calculated that families spend an average of $1,000 a month on a driver, money that otherwise could help household income at a time when many are making do with less.
"Having women drive has become an urgent social demand predicated upon current economic circumstances," said the prince.
A slow expansion of women's rights began under the late king, Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, who, in 2013, named some women to the Shura Council, which advises the cabinet.
Abdullah also announced that women could for the first time vote and run in municipal elections.
The gambit to loosen social restrictions, which had so far not translated into more political and civil rights, seeks to push criticism over a recent political crackdown out of the public eye, some observers said.
Saudi Arabia has some of the world's tightest restrictions on women, despite ambitious government reforms aimed at boosting female employment.
Under the country's guardianship system, a male family member - normally the father, husband or brother - must grant permission for a woman's study, travel and other activities.
But Saudi Arabia appears to be relaxing some norms as part of the Vision 2030 reform plan.
Questions over the Saudi-led coalition's aims in Yemen are mounting in the wake of reports that the kingdom has placed the Yemeni president under house arrest.
On Tuesday, the Associated Press news agency reported that Riyadh had barred the Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, his sons, ministers and military officials from returning home for months.
Yemeni officials told AP that the ban was due to enmity between Hadi and the United Arab Emirates and that Saudi officials rejected Hadi's requests to travel to Yemen, claiming it was unsafe for him to return.
The UAE and Saudi Arabia entered Yemen's war in 2015 as part of a military coalition.
The two Gulf countries wanted to restore Hadi's government to legitimacy after a civil war broke out between Hadi's supporters and those loyal to the former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who was overthrown during popular protests in 2011.
But according to some Yemenis, the coalition's goal has shifted.
{articleGUID}
Khaled al-Ansi, a Yemeni political analyst, says that Saudi's move to keep Hadi from returning to Yemen means that it has "failed in defeating the [Houthi] coup" and is now "turning its back on legitimacy".
"Saudi claims that it has liberated Aden and has control over it and that the coalition ended the coup there. But at the same time, it says that it cannot protect Hadi in Aden. Then what does this mean?"
The southern city of Aden is the temporary base of Yemen's government and has seen a wave of bombings and shootings targeting officials and security forces in recent months.
"As Yemenis, the picture has become clear for us. We accepted the presence of the coalition for defending legitimacy - not to ruin it. Now we find that there is an agenda different to the stated one - Saudi's presence in Yemen has become illegal," al-Ansi told Al Jazeera from Istanbul.
{articleGUID}
"This is one of the points that the Houthis use - they say that we are here on the ground and Hadi is not able to be present in any of the areas that Saudi and the coalition claim they have liberated."
Different agendas?
Saudi Arabia has expressed that it "wants out" of Yemen while the UAE has become more involved in the conflict, indicating a divide in the two countries' agendas.
In August, a series of leaked emails found that Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia's crown prince and defence minister, expressed a desire to end the war in Yemen during talks with former US officials.
The UAE, meanwhile, has been financing and training armed groups in the south of the country. Those groups answer to Aidarous al-Zubaidi, the UAE's "man in the south" and leader of the southern secessionist movement.
In May, the London-based Middle East Eye news website, quoting sources, revealed that Hadi had accused Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed, the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, of acting as an occupying force, as opposed to a liberation force.
Soon after, Anwar Gargash, the UAE's minister of state for foreign affairs, said in a tweet believed to be aimed at Hadi: "Among the rules of political action is that you should build trust with your allies, that you should not stab them in the back, that your decisions should be commensurate with your capabilities and that you put public interest ahead of personal ones."
Meanwhile, Dhahi Khalfan, Dubai's outspoken police chief, has demanded Hadi's dismissal.
An AP investigation in June found that the UAE is running more than a dozen secret prisons in the south, but Yemen has denied that and claims that all the security forces are under Hadi's control.
Reports by rights groups have also found that the UAE is funding and directing a "Security Belt" - a force created in 2016 that has been responsible for arbitrarily detaining and abducting people.
As the UAE expands its role, military forces that were once loyal to Hadi's government have become absent.
Reality on the ground dividing Hadi supporters
{articleGUID}
In August, a confidential report conducted by a UN Security Council panel of experts determined that although one of the Saudi-led offensive's main objectives was to reinstate Hadi, the political reality on the ground succeeded in dividing Hadi's supporters - some of whom are now fighting for legitimacy.
The south has formed a "competing political council ... with a stated goal of an independent South Yemen", the UN report said. "It [the council] includes key officials and members of the legitimate government."
The report examined how proxy militia groups, populated with members of the Saudi-led coalition, are pursuing individual agendas - the result of which has further weakened Hadi's position.
Despite being mired in the war for more than two years, the coalition has so far failed to achieve its stated aims as Houthi rebels continue to hold the capital Sanaa and control the country's north.
The war has taken a huge toll on the country - more than 10,000 civilians have been killed, and millions of Yemenis have been left without basic necessities.
Here are the latest developments since four countries imposed an air, sea and land blockade on Qatar:
Qatar foreign minister decries 'reckless leadership' in region. On Friday, Qatar's foreign minister criticised "reckless leadership" in the Gulf for a number of crises including the Gulf rift and Lebanon.
Qatar has opened an investigation into claims of an alleged plot by the UAE to weaken its currency in the early stages of the Qatar-Gulf crisis, a government spokesman said Sunday .
The song called "Tell Qatar" criticises Qatar's policies and warns it against crossing into "danger".
UAE airs song threatening Qatar . A new song featuring UAE singer Hussain Al Jassmi was aired on TV in the UAE on Tuesday night.
Ghana's FM visits Qatar. Foreign Minister Shirley Ayorkor Botchwey met on Tuesday with her Qatari counterpart in Doha to discuss "ways to boost multi-faceted bilateral cooperation".
UAE planned to attack Qatar's financial system . A United Arab Emirates plan to attack Qatar's financial system has been revealed on Thursday in a folder of an email account belonging to the UAE ambassador to the US, Yousef al-Otaiba.
Noting that the three countries account for 85 percent of African migrants workers in the GCC, ITUC-Africa will "step up its campaign to focus on these countries".
ITUC-Africa calls to end kafala. Commending Qatar's latest labour reforms on Thursday, the African Regional Organisation of the International Trade Union Confederation urged Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain to implement similar reforms.
Qatar Airways will not attend airshow. Akbar Al Baker, Qatar Airways' chief executive, will not attend the Middle East's largest international airshow due to open in Dubai on Sunday because of the ongoing Gulf crisis.
Erdogan to visit Kuwait and Qatar. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is set to visit Kuwait and Qatar between November 13 and 15, the Turkish presidency's information office said in a statement on Saturday.
King of Morocco on Gulf tour. King Mohammed VI of Morocco has arrived in Abu Dhabi for a five-day visit. The king is also due to pay an official visit to Qatar on November 12.
Qatari companies and Qatar's sovereign wealth fund have liquidated several foreign assets since the Saudi-led quartet imposed economic sanctions on it.
Qatar Foundation to sell $1.46bn investment. Three Pillars Pte Ltd, an affiliate of the Qatar Foundation, has put up for sale its $1.46bn stake in Indian telecoms carrier, Bharti Airtel Ltd, on Tuesday.
In August, Qatar filed a complaint with the WTO over the blockade imposed on it by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates.
Qatar to chair WTO committee. Qatar's Ministry of Economy and Commerce announced on Tuesday that Sheikh Ali bin Alwaleed Al Thani was appointed as the head of the Trade-Related Investment Measures (TRIMs) committee at the World Trade Organization in Geneva.
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE are blockading Qatar, alleging that it funds "terrorist organisations", an accusation Qatar strongly denies. Bahrain has also called to freeze Qatar's membership in the GCC.
GCC and EU discuss counter-terrorism: Gulf Cooperation Council official Abdulaziz al-Owaisheq and Belgium's deputy foreign minister, Ashton Drake, met on Monday in Riyadh to discuss regional developments and the efforts of the GCC and the European Union to counter "extremism".
Al-Jubeir also said that the Gulf countries are not seeking regime change in Qatar. "This is not our policy," he said. "Our policy is to see a change in behaviour."
Saudi FM: Dispute with Qatar 'very small' . In an interview with CNN on Monday, Adel al-Jubeir, the Saudi foreign minister, said the issue with Qatar is "very small" and "should not distract people".
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE had forbidden Qatar Airways from flying over their airspace, whereas other airlines departing from Qatar would have to inform them at least 24 hours before flying over the airspace.
Qatar Airways acquires stake in Cathay Pacific. On Monday, state-owned Qatar Airways acquired its first major stake in an Asian airline, which could potentially allow it to increase traffic through its Doha hub.
New Bahraini restrictions. Bahrain's Ministry of Interior announced on Sunday that Bahrainis in Qatar should use their passports to move between the Kingdom of Bahrain and the State of Qatar, and can no longer just use their national ID as is the case with other GCC countries.
The statement, which references a historical border dispute that was solved by an international court in 2001, did not specify whether Bahrain intends to take any action.
A press release published on the country's state news agency on Saturday said that Bahrain had "every right to claim what was cut off forcibly from its land and to dispute the legitimacy of the Qatari rule".
Bahrain has claimed the right to take Qatari territory, as tensions between the two Gulf countries heighten amid political deadlock.
Speaking at the World Policy Conference in Morocco , Qatar's Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani said Doha is committed to resolving the conflict through dialogue.
The meeting comes just days after Bahrain's foreign minister, Khalid Al Khalifa, suggested explicitly on his Twitter account freezing Qatar's membership at the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). The minister also said that Bahrain would not participate in the GCC meetings if Qatar is present at the upcoming GCC summit.
He said the meeting "reflected common interests", without giving more details. On Friday, Egyptian authorities said Sameh Shoukry, Egypt's foreign minister, would attend the 8th annual session of Sir Bani Yas forum to discuss a host of issues, including the Qatari crisis, the Middle East peace process and developments in Iraq and Libya.
The foreign ministers of a Saudi-led bloc boycotting Qatar have held talks in Abu Dhabi, according to Egypt's foreign ministry. The top diplomats of Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain met on the sidelines of the Sir Bani Yas Forum, ministry spokesman Ahmed Abu Zeid said on Twitter.
The Pentagon said it had informed Congress of the agreement involving design and construction work, including the development of cybersecurity, protection, support and other related services.
In June, Qatar and the US signed a $12bn agreement in which Doha bought 72 of the multi-role fighter jets.
The US Department of State has approved a deal for the support programme of Qatar's F-15 fighter aircraft at an estimated cost of $1.1bn.
"The defendants had received financial support from Qatar for carrying out their activities aimed at harming the status and interests of the kingdom," the statement read.
Bahrain's public prosecutor charged Ali Salman, secretary-general of the al-Wefaq party, and Hassan Sultan, a former member of parliament, of colluding with Qatar to carry out "hostile acts" in Bahrain.
Bahrain's move, which will be effective from November 10, "reveals its persistence in severing ties of kinship between the Gulf families in contravention of the provisions and principles of the Islamic religion," al-Mansouri continued.
Ali Khalfan al-Mansouri, the country's representative to the United Nations in Geneva, said in a statement on Tuesday that these "unprecedented measures in the Gulf states constitute a flagrant violation of the agreements and resolutions of the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC )".
During this meeting, they discussed means of enhancing the prospects of cooperation, developments in the region and a number of issues of mutual interest.
Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Sultan bin Saad Al-Muraikhi met on Wednesday with a delegation of the Italian Parliament currently visiting the country.
Bahrain is one of the three GCC member-states blockading Qatar.
Al-Zayani, who is Bahraini, also rejected what he said was an "irresponsible media attack" by some Qatari media to link his nationality with the way he had been dealing with the crisis.
"Qatari officials and media know well that resolving the crisis and ending its repercussions is in the hands of the royal leaders of the GCC member states," he said.
In a statement, GCC Secretary-General Abdul Latif al-Zayani said the solution to the months-long diplomatic crisis is not down to him, but to the responsibility of the hands of the Gulf leaders.
If the rift continues, it will "slow progress toward greater GCC integration and cause a broader erosion of confidence, reducing investment and growth, and increasing funding costs in Qatar and possibly the rest of the GCC," the report said.
In its Regional Economic Outlook released on Tuesday, the IMF warned that if the crisis drags on, it will "weaken medium-term growth prospects, not only for Qatar but also for other GCC countries."
The economic impact of the diplomatic rift between Qatar and its Gulf neighbours has so far been limited, but a prolonged crisis could weaken the region's mid-term growth, the IMF has said.
There was no immediate response from Qatar .
The Bahraini king also issued a directive to impose visas on Qatari nationals planning to visit the tiny kingdom.
"As long as Qatar continues this approach, the Kingdom of Bahrain cannot participate in any GCC Summit or meeting attended by Qatar unless it corrects its approach, comes to its senses, and responds to the demands of the countries that suffered so much from its policies," he said during his weekly cabinet meeting in the capital, Manama.
Bahraini King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa on Monday said that Qatar had shown that it did not respect the treaties and charters that the Gulf Corporation Council ( GCC ) was founded upon, according to BNA, the kingdom's official news agency.
The king of Bahrain has said his country will not take part in any summit or meeting attended by Qatar unless Doha "corrects its approach".
For his part, al-Emadi said that the latest agreement with the US "is a clear indicator of our long-standing political commitment to combatting money laundering and terror financing".
In a statement, Mnuchin said, "We affirm that the United States and Qatar will significantly increase our cooperation on these issues to ensure that Qatar is a hostile environment for terrorist financing".
Mnuchin was in Doha on Monday to hold meeting with his Qatari counterpart Ali Shareef al-Emadi, as well as the country's emir and prime minister.
US Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin has vowed to "enhance" US cooperation with Qatar "to counter the "financing of terrorism".
In a statement, the EIB also said Turkey's exports to the Gulf county in the first nine months of 2017 were up by 29 percent to $382m compared to the same period last year.
Turkish exports to Qatar in the four months following a blockade imposed by a Saudi-led group of countries jumped by 90 percent to $216m, according to the Aegean Exporters' Association (EIB).
The visit is part of his four-leg tour of the Middle East , which includes stops in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Israel.
Steven Mnuchin arrived in Doha for a meeting with the Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani and a number of Qatari officials, including the Finance Minister Ali Shareef al-Emadi.
Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani has said he wanted an end to the Gulf dispute, and that "Nothing is going to be above our dignity, our sovereignty. But we want it to end. I always say that."
"If they (are) going to walk one meter toward me, I'm willing to walk 10,000 miles towards them," he told 60 Minutes programme in an interview aired on Sunday.
"I'm fearful that if anything happens, if any military act happens, this region will be in chaos," he said.
The emir of Qatar has also said that the Doha-based Al Jazeera television network will not be closed down as demanded by the four countries.
Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani said a group of Arab states blockading Qatar for almost five months is seeking "regime change".
There are reports Saudi Arabia is demanding money from the senior officials it recently arrested.
He's stoking huge tension in an already volatile region.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has made a number of controversial decisions that many believe could forever change the kingdom and the entire region.
The developments in Saudi Arabia and what they mean for the rest of the world have been the focus of a conference in London on Saturday.
That's where former diplomats and Middle East Analysts have been meeting to discuss the crisis and Saudi Arabia's future.
So, how far will Saudi Arabia's young crown prince go to achieve his goals?
Presenter: Laura Kyle
Guests:
Pierre Conesa - Lecturer at the Paris Institute for political studies
Sami Hamdi - Editor-in-chief of The International Interest
Afshin Shahi - Senior lecturer in international relations and Middle East politics at the University of Bradford
Source: Al Jazeera News
Palestinian officials have warned that they will freeze all communication with the US, following steps by the Trump administration to close the Palestine Liberation Organisation's (PLO) office in Washington, DC.
Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said on Saturday the PLO had been informed by the US State Department of a decision not to renew the operating permission for the organisation's diplomatic office in the American capital.
The State Department's move was in response to the Palestinians' decision to join the International Criminal Court (ICC), and to submit files for investigation of several Israeli war crimes, including settlements, against Palestinians, according to Erekat.
The senior PLO official said the organisation had sent a letter to the US government officially informing it that all communication lines with the Trump administration would be cut off if it followed through with the plan to shutter the office.
"This is very unfortunate and unacceptable. This is the pressure being exerted on this [US] administration by the [Benjamin] Netanyahu government while we are trying to achieve the ultimate deal," said Erekat, adding such steps will "undermine the whole peace process".
'Ninety days'
The PLO is seen by the international community, including the United Nations, as the representative of the Palestinian people.
Every six months, the State Department signs a waiver that allows the PLO office to remain open in Washington. The certification period for the current waiver ended this month.
In a comment to Al Jazeera, a White House National Security Council (NSC) spokesperson said the move does not mean that the office will be permanently closed.
He added that US President Donald Trump now has 90 days to determine whether "Palestinians have entered into direct, meaningful negotiations with Israel".
Since Trump was elected a little more than a year ago, he has made no progress on promises to forge a peace deal between Palestinian and Israeli officials.
{articleGUID}
Instead, illegal Israeli settlements in the Palestinian territories have expanded exponentially and, for the first time in two decades, a new Israeli settlement is being built in the West Bank.
Nabil Abu Rudeina, spokesman for the Palestinian presidency, said in a statement that the US measure aiming "to bring the closure of the PLO office represents an unprecedented step in the history of US-Palestinian relations".
He added that the development "represents a blow to peacemaking efforts, while rewarding Israel, which is working to obstruct US efforts by persisting with its policy of settlements and its refusal to accept the two-state solution".
International Criminal Court
The NSC spokesman cited a "condition" introduced in US Congress in 2015 - the year in which the Palestinian Authority (PA) joined the ICC - "concerning certain Palestinian actions" related to the court, as one of the reasons behind the non-renewal.
The provision, which was enacted in 2015, imposes legal punishments on the PLO and the Washington office if it does not comply with the conditions outlined by Congress.
The provision includes ramifications against Palestine if the state takes "any actions with respect to the ICC that is intended to influence a determination by the ICC to initiate a judicially authorised investigation or to actively support such an investigation that subjects Israeli nationals to an investigation for alleged crimes against Palestinians".
{articleGUID}
It also promises consequences if Palestinians obtained full UN membership "or any specialised agency thereof" without "an agreement negotiated between Israel and the Palestinians".
While Israel is not a party to the Rome Statute - the treaty of the ICC to which all members are bound to - its nationals could be tried by The Hague-based court for crimes committed on Palestinian territory.
{articleGUID}
The PA has previously submitted files of evidence to The Hague-based court of Israeli war crimes, but a preliminary examination is still ongoing.
In February, PA President Mahmoud Abbas said officials would take the issue of Israel's illegal settlement building in the occupied Palestinian territories to the ICC.
Since 1967, Israel's government has transferred between 600,000 and 750,000 Israeli citizens into the occupied Palestinian territories. They live in illegal, fortified settlements - the largest of which houses some 64,000 Israelis - built on Palestinian land, often private property, seized by Israel.
Al Jazeera's Tom Ackerman, reporting from Washington, DC, said the development came "at a very awkward time".
"Jared Kushner, Trump's chief negotiator and son-in law, and Jason Greenblatt, the US Middle East representative, have been shuttling between Ramallah and Jerusalem to try to work out what they have been advertising as a blueprint for a concrete plan that they will be unveiling early next year," said Ackerman.
"The threat of disrupting all these negotiations, even the preliminary ones, seems to be a serious one," he added.
"So the question is, is this a mixed message on the part of the Trump administration? Will they back off on the actual threat to close the PLO office, or is this just a pressure move to try to gain leverage?"
Parveen Khan will probably never forget the horrific events of March 29, 2009, when her estranged husband walked into her room and bit her face in an act of revenge.
It was a Sunday afternoon when Khan, then 33, went to take a nap after working two jobs to support her two daughters. Her daughters, Bulbul Fareen and Saniya Shaheen, were playing outside with the children from the neighbourhood.
"He gave the girls some sweets and said 'I will meet your mom inside'," Khan told Al Jazeera.
"He jumped on me when I was sleeping, grabbed me and chewed my face off … He chewed on [me] like an animal. I screamed so hard but no one came to help me," she said.
Khan says her husband came with the intention to bite her nose off, which "[in] our society is a punishment for giving him a bad reputation".
A cycle of abuse
Khan first spoke about what happened to her publicly on Satyamev Jayate, a talk show anchored by Bollywood star Aamir Khan, when it premiered on May 6, 2012.
"She was someone who actually really inspired a lot of people when the show came out and they heard her story," Aamir Khan recalls in an Al Jazeera documentary Witness: The Snake Charmer.
Hameed, 46, was Khan's second husband. At the age of 12, her family married her off to a man twice her age, despite laws prohibiting child marriage.
Born in the remote Morena district in central India's Madhya Pradesh state, Khan was never encouraged to go to school like other girls in her neighbourhood. Khan's father was a low-paid worker. She grew up being reminded of what her marriage would mean to her parents: one less mouth to feed.
"I remember I was very happy to be a bride. I was dressed in a bright red dress and had red lipstick on," Khan said.
"But deep down, I was nervous about being with someone who was twice my age and who I hadn't met before."
Within weeks, Khan realised she was living with a man who did not love and respect her. She was regularly beaten.
Then she met Hameed and the two fell in love when she was 16. Khan told her parents she was not going back to her husband - a decision that did not go down well with her family, who threatened to disown her for demanding a divorce. Khan went against their wishes and married 21-year-old Hameed. She never spoke to her parents again.
"I experienced love for the first time and felt alive. Hameed was someone who proclaimed his love to me every day and promised to take care of me as I had no one left in my life after walking out of my first marriage," Khan said.
But within four months, the marriage was in shambles and the cycle of abuse - psychological and physical - began.
Hameed frequently reminded Khan of her "infidelity" towards her first husband and suspected her of cheating on him.
I was shattered, heartbroken and could not recover from the trauma of two innocent babies being murdered just because of their gender Parveen Khan
Three years into her marriage, Khan got pregnant with her first child. Hameed was not very excited about it and expressed his wish for a son.
"Nine months passed and I gave birth to a baby girl. Hameed stormed out of the hospital when he looked at our daughter," Khan recalled.
When she was expecting for the second time, Hameed insisted the baby should be aborted if it was a girl.
"Three months into my pregnancy, Hameed took me to the hospital to find out the gender of my baby. I screamed and cried, but he pulled me from my hair and dragged me to the hospital to find out," Khan said.
"Without asking me, he forced me inside the hospital to get the baby girl aborted."
Her husband forced her to abort for the third time after finding out that it was a baby girl.
"I was shattered, heartbroken and could not recover from the trauma of two innocent babies being murdered just because of their gender."
Two back-to-back abortions in one year weakened Khan and a year later she suffered a miscarriage. In the course of two years, she had lost three children and the mental trauma and physical exhaustion took a toll on her.
"I hated myself for a very long time, could not be happy and kept mourning for my lost children."
12 Million missing girls
The gender ratio in India is skewed and the latest government data shows that female foeticide remains a serious problem in the country.
Traditionally in Indian society, a son is preferred because they are considered as the main breadwinner of the family and are expected to take care of their parents when they grow old. Daughters, on the other hand, are expected to get married and adopt their husbands' family, and also seen as a burden due to the widespread practice of dowry.
The government banned prenatal sex determination to monitor the scourge of female foeticide, but critics have questioned the effectiveness of the law in a country of 1.3 billion people. Between 1991 and 2011, the gender ratio fell to 914 girls for every 1,000 boys born in India.
A recent report, Youth in India, by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation predicts that the number of girls born for every 1,000 boys is likely to decline further to 904 by 2021 and 898 by 2031.
Despite the tough abortion laws, up to 12 million girls have been aborted over the past three decades by parents. These incidents are not only prevelant in remote areas, but also in big cities and within more highly educated families.
Scarred for life
In 2006, when Khan got pregnant again she promised herself to keep the baby at any cost. She hid her pregnancy from her husband until she was six months along.
"We were arguing about something and he got angry at me, locked me in a room and started hitting me with a hockey stick," Khan told Al Jazeera.
Hameed kicked her and hit her "with a full swing" on her lower back.
"I fell on the ground and started bleeding and that is when my husband found out that I was pregnant. My baby girl survived somehow and I gave birth to another beautiful girl."
Khan demanded a divorce after she gave birth to Saniya, her second daughter, but Hameed refused. This went on for two and a half years, but to no avail. Hameed kept refusing so Khan walked out and started to live separately with her daughters.
'Scarred for life'
She has been physically and emotionally scarred for life since the incident eight years ago.
In the same year that Khan shared her story in Aamir Khan's talk show, the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old Jyoti Singh shocked the world and highlighted the incidents of violence against women in India.
Singh's rapists inflicted massive internal damage with a metal rod which resulted in her death two weeks later. The rape case sparked outrage, triggering massive protests across the country.
The protests resulted in the passing of a strict rape law, which includes a minimum 20 years prison sentence and the death penalty in cases where the victim dies.
Senior advocate of the Supreme Court, Indira Jaising, thinks that a lot still needs to happen in the country.
"India has a long way to go to be called civilised. I know rape happens everywhere, but you don't see the kind of impunity for rape as you see in India," she told Al Jazeera.
My daughters are my sons, they are studying and will do respectable jobs in future. I know they will take care of me Parveen Khan
"There is a general tolerance of violence against women. Bystanders watch when women are being raped. I hate to say this, but [to them] it is almost like watching a sport."
Jaising calls female foeticide an "Asian disease". One way to perhaps get rid of it, she said, is to empower women economically and make them aware that "life does not begin and end with marriage and children".
'Daughters are a blessing'
Hameed was never prosecuted as Khan was tricked by his family into forgiving him and dropping all charges against him.
"I was told to forgive him and was told that if I do that, Hameed would file for a divorce and set me free. But when I did forgive him and took back my case against him, he refused to divorce me. He now threatens me every day," Khan, now 41, said.
Years after being mutilated by her husband, she still fears for her life and the safety of her children.
Khan's eldest daughter, 20-year-old Bulbul, is pursuing a master's degree in business administration and wants to make her mother proud.
She hopes to marry a man who will be able to take care of her mother.
Saniya, 11, Khan's second daughter, is in seventh grade and wants to work for the government when she grows up.
"I no longer expect from the society to give me anything and I have stopped fighting with them. God has shown me a way, and I am following that. I am happy for who I am today and proud of my daughters," Khan says.
"My daughters are my sons, they are studying and will do respectable jobs in future. I know they will take care of me.
"I want to tell everyone that daughters are not a burden, they are a blessing."
Seoul, South Korea - This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Korean hostage crisis in Afghanistan, which was a turning point in the history of Islam in Korea. Today, South Korean Muslims make up a tiny minority, 0.2 percent, of the predominantly Christian and Confucian society.
As South Korea is opening its doors to Muslim tourists, trying to fill the vacuum left by the declining number of Chinese tourists following the debacle launched with the deployment of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, various generations of native Korean Muslims reflect on their double identity as Koreans and Muslims in South Korea.
The number of Muslim tourists coming to the country saw a 33 percent increase last year from 2015 and is expected to reach 1,2 million people by the end of 2017, as revealed by the Korea Tourism Organization (KTO).
Tapping into this economic potential, the country has increased the number of Halal certificates for its restaurants and prayer rooms, and the Seoul Tourism Organization is promoting a series of videos showcasing Muslim-friendly restaurants around the capital.
Islam and the Korean Peninsula share a history of mutual fascination and curiosity. From the era of the Silk Road in the 9th century to today's modern interconnected world, the bonds that were once forged through maritime travel have now been passed on to a new generation of young Muslim Koreans, who try to find a balance between their Korean culture and newfound religion.
Retracing the history of Islam in Korea and its reintroduction to the country by Turkish troops during the 1950-1953 Korean War, Al Jazeera spoke with several generations of South Korean Muslims, who expressed the difficulties they face in the Confucian Korean society dominated by class, age hierarchy, a strong drinking culture, and a distrust of Islam.
Can Aamir Khan create lasting change in Indian society or is he just another Bollywood star playing the role of a hero?
Aamir Khan is one of the most popular and influential Bollywood actors in India today. He became a star of Hindi cinema in the 1980s, and his greatest commercial successes have been the highest-grossing Bollywood films of all time.
In 2012, Khan's career took an unexpected turn.
Together with a childhood friend, he created a TV series called Satyamev Jayate (Truth only prevails) which became the first prime-time TV show in India to expose the country's most critical social issues - from rape to female foeticide and dowry killings.
Khan was used to portraying macho men on a quest for vengeance and belongs to an industry accused of denigrating women and encouraging sexual violence.
But now, the 52-year-old actor with Peter Pan charm risks his career by challenging men to re-examine their attitudes and behaviour towards women, confronting the spiralling wave of gender-based violence in India and defying age-old stereotypes.
The Snake Charmer follows Khan on a journey through India's TV and Bollywood industry, as he attempts to change the way Indians perceive and treat women.
From the set of Satyamev Jayate, the film follows Khan backstage to his new Bollywood blockbuster Dangal.
Khan's quest ultimately opens a window into a country in crisis and the changes it is undergoing.
FILMMAKER'S VIEW
By Nina Maria Paschalidou
The way popular culture influences our lives and empowers women has always fascinated me.
While filming my last documentary, Kismet, which explored the impact of Turkish soap operas on women in the Arab world, I was first introduced to Aamir Khan, Bollywood's greatest film star, through an article in Time magazine. The media called him the "snake charmer", because of his power and the effect he had on people.
Time ranked Khan as one of the most influential men in the world - a man who was trying to change the situation for women in India through a TV show called Satyamev Jayate.
In December 2012, the tragic incident of the gang rape of Jyoti Singh Pandey, a 23-year-old student, in a Delhi bus resulted in a public outcry against Bollywood. Many people argued that Indian popular culture is characterised by misogyny and that Bollywood must assume responsibility for the message it sends out.
Of all Bollywood films produced from the 1970s to the 1990s, seven out of 10 included a rape scene. Nina Maria Paschalidou
I wondered if there truly was a connection between Bollywood and its portrayal of women and rape.
Bollywood is India's largest driver of mainstream popular culture, producing more than a thousand films per year. It is estimated that every week approximately 90 to 100 million Indian viewers go to the cinema to watch films and millions more watch Bollywood films on their TV screens. Over 85 percent of cable television operators routinely screen two films a day through their local channels.
Since the 1960s, rape scenes in Bollywood films became common and part of most films catering to predominantly male audiences. They were introduced as a plot device to give the hero a cause to fight for, or to eliminate a character from the plot (the victim almost always committed suicide).
A survey found that of all Bollywood films produced from the 1970s to the 1990s, seven out of 10 included a rape scene.
Khan became the first Bollywood star in India to openly talk about rape, female foeticide, dowry payments and domestic violence when Satyamev Jayate premiered in May 2012. By attempting to uncover the reasons behind the phenomenon of rape, he challenged men's attitudes to women and Bollywood's tradition of glorifying violence.
Like soap operas, Bollywood films are not pure entertainment. They have the power to create or break stereotypes and taboos. And with Khan at the helm of the movement, Bollywood is changing: directors are offering more dynamic roles to women, and male actors are taking on more sensitive roles.
I followed Khan for a period of three years, all the way from the making of the TV show to the filming of his recent film, Dangal, a women's empowerment film which was released in December 2016 and became the highest grossing Bollywood film ever.
Khan's life is characterised by the juxtaposition of pleasing the Indian men and women who watch his films and campaigning for those who participate in his show.
In The Snake Charmer, I focused on the personal and deeply touching moments which occur when these two worlds collide and tried to capture Khan's transition from a Bollywood star into a powerful agent of social change.
I also tried to capture the truth, and often asked myself "is this guy for real?" I will leave this to the audience to decide.
Source: Al Jazeera
MUST-SEE PROGRAMMES
Fault Lines Confidential: Surveilling Black Lives Matter Fault Lines investigates the scope and impact of police and FBI surveillance of black activists in the US.
Featured Documentaries World War One Through Arab Eyes One hundred years after the Ottomans joined the war, this three-part series tells the story from an Arab perspective.
101 East Saving China's Pandas Does China want to see pandas live free in the wild or breed them as cute, valuable national symbols?
Being a globally oriented media service, Al Jazeera shall adopt the following code of ethics in pursuance of the vision and mission it has set for itself:
1. Adhere to the journalistic values of honesty, courage, fairness, balance, independence, credibility and diversity, giving no priority to commercial or political over professional consideration.
2. Endeavour to get to the truth and declare it in our dispatches, programmes and news bulletins unequivocally in a manner which leaves no doubt about its validity and accuracy.
3. Treat our audiences with due respect and address every issue or story with due attention to present a clear, factual and accurate picture while giving full consideration to the feelings of victims of crime, war, persecution and disaster, their relatives and our viewers, and to individual privacies and public decorum.
4. Welcome fair and honest media competition without allowing it to affect adversely our standards of performance and thereby having a "scoop" would not become an end in itself.
5. Present the diverse points of view and opinions without bias and partiality.
6. Recognise diversity in human societies with all their races, cultures and beliefs and their values and intrinsic individualities so as to present unbiased and faithful reflection of them.
7. Acknowledge a mistake when it occurs, promptly correct it and ensure it does not recur.
8. Observe transparency in dealing with the news and its sources while adhering to the internationally established practices concerning the rights of these sources.
9. Distinguish between news material, opinion and analysis to avoid the snares of speculation and propaganda.
10. Stand by colleagues in the profession and give them support when required, particularly in the light of the acts of aggression and harassment to which journalists are subjected at times. Cooperate with Arab and international journalistic unions and associations to defend freedom of the press.
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This site is owned and operated by Al Jazeera Media Network ("Al Jazeera"). Please read the below Terms and Conditions carefully as they are the terms of use for this site:
1. User Obligation
By using and/or visiting this site ("the site"), you have indicated your acknowledgement and assent to these Terms and Conditions and any other terms and conditions which may be introduced by Al Jazeera on this site from time to time. Your access, use, participation and/or downloading materials from the site, indicates your agreement to abide by these Terms and Conditions. Al Jazeera reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online and it is your responsibility to refer to and comply with these Terms upon accessing the site. If you do not agree to any of these Terms and Conditions, please cease from the use of this site immediately.
If any conflict exists between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
2. Terms of Use
Use of this site is only permitted for lawful purposes and in a manner which is not in breach of the Law and which does not infringe any the rights of or restricts the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction shall include, but is not limited to, harassment, defamatory conduct, obscene or abusive content, offensive language, distress to third parties and any other conduct which may be deemed inappropriate.
You hereby warrant that you are more than 18 years of age, and/or possess all required approvals and consents including legal guardian or parental consent for use of this site. You further warrant that you are fully able and competent to enter into these Terms and Conditions and abide by them.
3. Data Submissions
Various parts of this site allow for user information or any other data to be transmitted or posted on the site (hereinafter referred to as "User Submissions"). These include personal information, photographs, videos, audio materials, written scripts, articles, opinions or any other form of material. Such User Submissions shall be subject to the following conditions:
3.1 By submitting any material to this Site, you accept to provide a non-revocable, unlimited Global licence to the User Submissions to Al Jazeera who in turn shall have the right to use, distribute, modify, alter or delete parts of the User Submission as per its own discretion and on any platform or media whatsoever.
3.2 User Submissions may be used by Al Jazeera for any purpose including, but not limited to reproduction, broadcasting, transmission, editting, cutting, reformation, adapting, positng, or any other use as per the sole discretion of Al Jazeera.
3.3 You shall be solely responsible for your own submissions and any claims, damages, third party rights, as well as any legal action or proceeding arising out of the use and submission of this material.
3.4 By submitting any User Submission, you hereby affirm, represent and warrant that you have the right to submit such material, and that you have obtained all necessary clearances, licences, consents, rights and permissions to use and authorise Al Jazeera to use any material submitted, including the rights to all patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright or other proprietary rights in any and all User Submissions.
3.5 You undertake that you will not submit or disclose on this site any material or information that is protected by or subject to any copyright, trade secret or any third party proprietary rights, including Privacy and publicity rights, unless all rights have been obtained from the rights owners to submit the material and/or information and grant the licence indicated herein to Al Jazeera.
3.6 You further undertake not to submit any material or information that is deemed unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, political, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially offensive, considered as a criminal offence, gives rise to a civil liability, encourages criminal action or violates the law, culture or internationally acceptable norms and codes of ethics.
3.7 You hereby grant Al Jazeera a global, non-revocable, exclusive, royalty-free, transferrable licence to broadcast, distribute, display, reproduce, cut, edit, re-edit, delete, sell or modify the material or information submitted by you without any limitation whatsoever, in any media format and on any platform at the sole discretion of Al Jazeera. This Licence shall not be limited by period or territory.
3.8 You hereby further assign to Al Jazeera (by way of permanent assignment of present and future copyright) all rights of any nature in and to such material throughout the world including all renewals and reversions thereof.
3.9 Al Jazeera shall have the right and final say on display of User Submissions, and under no circumstances is Al Jazeera obliged to display or include on this site all or part of any User Submission.
4. Data collection and use
Al Jazeera may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access Al Jazeera online services, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information. This information assists in understanding which pages Al Jazeera's visitors are visiting and how much time they spend there. Al Jazeera uses the information gathered to enable your use of Al Jazeera online services, fulfil your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in our services such as polls, and message boards. Further, Al Jazeera uses the non-personally identifiable information collected to improve the design and content of Al Jazeera's online services, to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalise your internet experience. Al Jazeera online services transmits such non-personally identifiable web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of service performance analytics and targeting our internet banner advertisements on other sites. To do this, Al Jazeera uses web beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site.
Al Jazeera automatically logs certain usage information about your use of Al Jazeera online services. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view, type of content you are browsing, and engagement with our online tools. This information is used in order to provide you with customised recommendations of Al Jazeera's online services based on your reading history. Log files are also used in the aggregate to analyse usage of Al Jazeera's online services.
Al Jazeera has hired third parties to provide information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of users of Al Jazeera online services. Third parties such as Google Analytics and Chartbeat tracks and analyses non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on Al Jazeera online services. These third party services may place or recognise cookies, web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about users. Al Jazeera does not have access to, nor control over, third party service providers' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used.
5. Copyright and Other Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Al Jazeera, or any of its associated companies or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of Al Jazeera, its associated companies and/or third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by any means, licence or right under any trade mark or patent of Al Jazeera, its associated companies or any other third party.
All copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this site (including the design, arrangement and look and feel) and all material or content supplied as part of the site shall remain at all times the property of Al Jazeera or Al Jazeera's licensors. In accessing the site, or any other sites of Al Jazeera, you agree that you do so only for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may not agree to, permit or assist in any way any third party to copy, reproduce, download, post, store (including in any other web site), distribute, transmit, broadcast, commercially exploit or modify in any way the material or content without the prior written permission of an authorised officer the Al Jazeera.
6. Third Party Sites / Links
Al Jazeera is not responsible for the availability or content of any third party websites or material you access through this site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Al Jazeera does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, services or information on or available from third party websites or material (including payment for and delivery of such products or services). Al Jazeera is not responsible for any damage, loss or offence caused by or, in connection with, any content, advertising, products, services or information available on such websites or material. Any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings are solely between you and the relevant provider of the service.
Links to this site must be direct to any complete content page (and not any part of a page) within this site and all other Al Jazeera sites, and must not be viewed within the pages of any other site. Al Jazeera disclaims all liability for any legal or other consequences (including for infringement of third party rights) of links made to this site.
Links do not imply that Al Jazeera endorses, is affiliated or associated with any linked site, or is legally authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorised to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of Al Jazeera or any of its affiliates, entities or subsidiaries.
7. Disclaimer / Limitation of Liability
You agree that your use of this site shall be at your sole risk and responsibility. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Al Jazeera, its officers, directors, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the site. Al Jazeera does not warrant, endorse or guarantee that the content posted on this site is of social, cultural and moral acceptable standards. Al Jazeera does not warrant that User Submissions posted on this site do not infringe any third party rights.
Although Al Jazeera does monitor the User Submissions provided on the site, it is your sole responsibility to clear all rights of third parties and to obtain all necessary licences and approvals to post any material and you hereby assume all responsibility for all damages, costs and liabilities that may arise as a result from the user submission.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons relating to this site or any other sites owned or operated by Al Jazeera, and/or any of its associated companies, products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement being made and without warranty of any kind, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
The information and other materials included on this site may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Al Jazeera does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information and materials or the reliability of any statement or other information displayed or distributed through the site (including, without limitation, the information provided through the use of any software). You acknowledge that any reliance on any such statement or information shall be at your sole risk. Al Jazeera reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any part of the site and to make changes to the site and to the materials, products, programmes, services or prices described in the site at any time without notice.
In no event will Al Jazeera and/or third parties be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential damages or any damages including, but not limited to, errors or omissions, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever arising from use, loss of use, data or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site.
Al Jazeera does not warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. Al Jazeera does not represent the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of any material. Al Jazeera may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time without notice or liability.
8. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified Al Jazeera, and all of its employees, affiliates, subsidiaries and associates from any and all claims, damages, expenses, costs and liabilities arising in any manner from your access to and use of this site and/or the submission of any User Submissions to this site.
You understand that when using this site, you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. To that regard, you hereby waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Al Jazeera, and agree to indemnify and hold harmless Al Jazeera, and its shareholders, subsidiaries, officers affiliates, and licensees to the fullest extent permitted by the law.
9. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Qatar. Disputes arising herefrom shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the Qatari courts. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the law of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from that clause and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
Al Jazeera makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the State of Qatar and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this site from a location outside of the State of Qatar, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.
We value thoughtful, constructive discussion, but comments that attack an author or smear an organisation are not acceptable.
Contributions that offer information or clarifications on breaking news stories are also valued.
Complaints about our content or coverage should be sent to feedback@aljazeera.net.
The following are general guidelines that influence whether or not a comment will be accepted:
1. Personal attacks on authors, other users or any individual are not tolerated, and users who repeatedly post such comments may be banned.
2. Comments featuring swearing, name-calling or otherwise abusive language are unacceptable.
3. We value robust debate and understand that people often feel strongly about the topics debated on the site, but please show respect for the views and beliefs of other users. By being polite and civil, you ensure that the topic remains the focus of the debate and that our pages remain conducive to intelligent discussion.
4. Keep your posts relevant. If you post a comment that is not related to the topic being discussed, it may be deleted. Comments about moderation decisions or general comments about Al Jazeera will likely also be deleted.
5. Comments that are racist, sexist, homophobic or otherwise offensive will not be tolerated. There is a difference between criticizing a government, organisation or belief and attacking people because of their race, gender, sexual orientation or religion.
6. Comments that incite people to commit a crime will not be tolerated.
7. Comments must be in English. No other languages are accepted on the site.
8. Keep your comments coherent. If the moderator cannot understand your comment because of poor spelling, grammar or logic, it will be deleted.
9. Do not post content which you have copied from someone else and for which you do not have the copyright.
10. DO NOT SHOUT. Writing in caps is considered shouting in web etiquette.
11. No spamming or flooding. Do not repost the same message, or very similar messages, more than once.
12. No advertising, promotion of products or services, or posting of web links (URLs).
13. No impersonating. Impersonating anyone (including other members) is unacceptable.
14. No inappropriate usernames.
15. No personal information. It is not acceptable to publicise yours or anyone else's contact details, including address, place of employment, telephone number, email address, etc.
16. We will not accept defamatory comments capable of damaging the reputation of an organisation or individual in the eyes of right thinking members of the public.
17. We will not tolerate comments that are in contempt of court. This means anything that could prejudice on-going or forthcoming court proceedings.
18. We will delete comments that break a court injunction. This is when court orders prohibit the release of specific information, such as the names or whereabouts of people involved in a court case.
19. Spelling and grammar will not be corrected when comments are posted on blogs. However, we reserve the right to correct spelling and grammar when publishing comments elsewhere on our site.
20. Because of the volume of comments received, we cannot review individual moderation decisions or alter comments once they have been published.
Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct or indirect liability. You assign us with a license to use, reuse, delete or publish any comments without notice.
Mugabe sacks pro-army Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa on November 6 Army seizes state TV and puts Mugabe under house arrest on November 15 Mugabe appears in public on November 17, but no official statement Thousands gather to demand Mugabe resignation on November 18
Harare, Zimbabwe - Thousands of Zimbabweans have taken to the streets to demand President Robert Mugabe's resignation, a spectacle that would have been unthinkable just one week ago.
Saturday's rally in Harare, the capital, is backed by the army, which seized power on Wednesday.
The mood at Zimbabwe Grounds, where speeches took place, was celebratory.
The site is symbolic. In 1980, around 200,000 people gathered at Zimbabwe Grounds to welcome Mugabe from exile after the liberation war from white-minority rule.
Crowds there on Saturday cheered: "Chiwenga, lead the war to remove Mugabe", referring to General Constantino Chiwenga, who had warned of military intervention before the takeover.
Protesters are attempting to reach State House, but presidential guards have blocked access.
Al Jazeera witnessed a general telling crowds to go home and not to proceed "because we will finish the job".
{articleGUID}
"The operation we are doing together as a country is a journey," Major General Sibusiso Moyo told those attending the rally.
"We cannot go around the mountain in one day, but through your support we have covered a great distance," he added in Shona.
Marchers seemed confident their goal to remove Mugabe would be achieved soon.
"Just the amount of people, the different backgrounds and races that came out, showed that we all agreed today," Anesu Dawa, a 26-year-old unemployed graduate, told Al Jazeera.
"Everybody came out just to say it's not necessarily what we want to happen, but it's what we don't want to happen - and that is for President Mugabe to still be president," she said.
"And we all agreed today that he must go."
A demonstration is also taking place at City Hall in Bulawayo, the second city.
Florence Mguni, a 59-year-old who went to train in Mozambique as a liberation fighter at the age of 15, travelled overnight from Bulawayo in the hope of witnessing Mugabe's departure.
She told Al Jazeera that as a war veteran, she demands Mugabe's immediate resignation because his leadership has done little for her.
"We went to fight in the war, I was taught how to hold a gun as a young girl, but today Zimbabwe is free and I am poor. I'm a widow and my children aren't in school because I can't always afford to pay their fees," she said.
Roads and mobile networks were jammed because of the large crowds as demonstrators raised banners with slogans such as: "Go, go, our general!", "Enough is enough - Mugabe must go" and "Leadership is not sexually transmitted" - a reference to First Lady Grace Mugabe, who is widely believed to be eyeing the vice presidency.
Some protesters hugged and cheered soldiers, as helicopters circled above the capital.
Tapiwa Magidi, a 32-year-old geologist, said Mugabe should resign because the 93-year-old leader was not serving young people.
"We are a lost generation. Most of the young people in this country were born after independence, but we are now grown and we don't have much," he told Al Jazeera. "We can't get jobs, we have to live at home with our parents and we can't even afford to get married."
Tapiwa Tavaziva, a 32-year-old financial adviser who had left Zimbabwe for the US, said: "I spent 12 years out of this country because of Mugabe and the situation in this country. He's been responsible for so many things that have happened to people in their personal lives, he broken up so many homes, family structures are broken and we don't have what we used to because he (Mugabe) loves power.
"He has to go."
'A show of people's force'
Zimbabwe has been in turmoil since early Wednesday, when the armed forces seized power and placed Mugabe - who leads the Zanu-PF party, under house arrest.
March organiser Chris Mutsvangwa, head of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association, said the protest against the president is not a Zanu-PF affair, but "a show of people's force" against Mugabe's 37-year rule.
William Gerald Lumumba Mutumanje - popularly known as Acie Lumumba, an activist who was expelled as the Zanu-PF youth leader, said the rally was a "send-off" for Mugabe as he encouraged people to march.
Activist pastor Evan Mawarire described the event as "a momentous occasion" and an opportunity for a "fresh start" to advance democratic change.
Mawarire has previously faced charges of undermining the president and trying to overthrow an elected government by calling on Zimbabweans to protest against spiralling economic and political problems.
Marches have also been called for in parts of South Africa, the UK and the US - countries that millions of Zimbabweans migrated to in search of safety and better living, as various economic and political crises at home have left more than 70 percent living below the national poverty line.
Mugabe has 'lost control'
All 10 of ZANU-PF's provincial structures have passed a motion of no-confidence against Mugabe and called on him to step down as the ruling party's first secretary.
Zanu PF's 10 Provincial Coordinating Committees (PCC) said the leader had "lost control of the party and government business due to incapacitation stemming from his advanced age".
The provincial branches' move was carried by Zimbabwe's state broadcaster, ZBC, which was seized by the army as part of its takeover on Wednesday.
If Mugabe fails to resign on Saturday, the party says it will convene a special committee meeting on Sunday in which the Zanu-PF Central Committee will consider the provincial resolutions to recall Mugabe.
The Zimbabwean president appeared in public on Friday - the first time since the army's takeover on Wednesday - attending a university graduation ceremony in Harare.
Zimbabwe's military has said it was engaging in talks with Mugabe, promising an outcome soon.
"[Mugabe] knows this not a game," independent parliamentarian Temba Mliswa told Al Jazeera.
As a legislator, he said he would start the process to put forward a motion to pass a vote of no confidence.
"If he refuses to leave we will start a motion to pass a vote of no confidence in his presidency when parliament sits again on Tuesday."
Regional dignitaries from the Southern African Development Community (SADC) are expected to meet on Sunday in an extraordinary session to discuss the Zimbabwe situation in neighbouring Botswana, where the SADC headquarters is located.
While the region's leaders have been silent on Mugabe's fate, Botswana's President Ian Khama has openly called for the elderly veteran to step down.
Follow Tendai Marima on Twitter @i_amten

The Six-Day War in June 1967 culminated in Israel's capture of the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights. Apart from the Sinai Peninsula, the territories remain occupied to this day.
The United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 242 on November 22, 1967, calling for the "withdrawal of Israeli armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict". It emphasised "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war and the need to work for a just and lasting peace in the Middle East in which every State in the area can live in security".
While all parties ultimately accepted the resolution, it took two decades for the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) to do so. The PLO criticised the resolution for viewing Palestinians only as refugees, and not as a people with national rights.
Al Jazeera spoke with Palestinians to find out how they view Resolution 242 a half-century since its adoption.
Mariam Bargouthi, Ramallah-based writer and activist
"UN Resolution 242 lays the cornerstone for Israeli policy to call for its legitimacy without actually moving forward towards a just peace. It epitomises all UN resolution efforts, to lay in the dustbin of history as Israeli violations continue.
"Instead of imposing any real consequences on acts of war and violent land annexation, the resolution merely stands as a futile effort to insinuate that the UN has principles. They never enforce their resolutions, as we clearly see in the Palestinian case that has gathered numerous resolutions for its benefit, and, still, we continue to be occupied and violated daily.
"The resolution was an attempt to garner support from the Arab states to agree to Israel's legitimacy, despite its colonial strategies, instead of conjuring genuine agreements of peace, justice and dignity. Palestinians are hardly even mentioned in the resolution, which plays into Israel's hands, further isolating Palestinians and dealing with them as a people that don't exist."
Diana Buttu, Haifa-based analyst and former legal adviser to Palestinian negotiators
"It's a resolution that ended up very sadly and most unfortunately legitimating Israel's illegal takeover of Palestinian land. Between the period of before 1948 and in the period between 1948 and 1967, the Israelis ended up taking more land than had even been allotted to them under the partition plan. Resolution 242 begins the process of legitimating this takeover of land.
"Some people say that Resolution 242 only refers to the West Bank and Gaza … Others, myself included, say, actually, the definition should be much more expanded to include all of that land that Israel took, even in violation of the partition plan.
"If you can recall the history of it under the partition plan - also unfair, unjust and illegal - Israel was allotted 55 percent of Palestine, and then, in violation of even the partition plan, Israel ends up taking 78 percent of historic Palestine just in the period of 1948.
"The problem with Resolution 242 is the way people are interpreting it; they're only focused on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip … not at all focusing on the original takeover of land that happened in violation of international law and in violation of even the UN resolution calling for partition.
"We have a whittling away, eating away or erosion of the principle that conquest is not allowed in international law. And it seems that the Israelis have been given the message that not only is conquest allowed, but even post-1967, as we see more and more settlements being built and expanded, that the world is also turning a blind eye to that."
Haider Eid, Gaza-based policy adviser and professor
"When 242 was issued, it was within the context of what we call the setback, or Naksa, which ushered Israeli hegemony in the Arab World.
"The resolution has some major problems. One, it does not deal with Palestinians as a people entitled to the right of self-determination. Two, it only asks occupation forces to withdraw from 'occupied lands', without specifying those lands. Three, it does not provide any mechanisms of penalising the occupation forces. Four, it does not deal with the settler-colonial nature of the state of Israel.
"It, therefore, cannot be the basis of any negotiations that will lead to justice and peace in the Middle East."
Mohammed Daraghmeh, Ramallah-based journalist and political analyst
"The resolution itself opened the way for the Israelis to make the 1967 boundaries disputed and not [considered as] a Palestinian or international line. [Since then], the Israelis started their settlement projects in the West Bank and East Jerusalem and created huge facts on the ground. No one can ask them now to remove these facts, simply because there are around 750,000 Israeli settlers in the Palestinian territories.
"[The Israelis] are … drawing the border deep inside the Palestinian territories and are turning the Palestinian communities into isolated ghettos, while opening the land for settlers to build houses, settlements, factories, farms, etc … The Israelis are paying no attention to the international resolutions and are implementing their own resolutions on the ground."
President Robert Mugabe is fast losing his grip on the country and pressure is building on him to quit. Here's what you need to know:
What is happening?
Mugabe, 93, has ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years and many claim his leadership has been repressive. He heads the ZANU-PF party and is the world's oldest head of state.
In a dramatic turn, the army placed Mugabe under house arrest on November 15 and there are now increasing calls for him to quit.
On Saturday, thousands are gathering in the capital Harare and the second city of Bulawayo to demand Mugabe's resignation in scenes that would have been unthinkable one week ago.
Why did the army target Mugabe?
The army insists it is not launching a coup, but on November 15, as well as placing Mugabe under house arrest, the military seized the state broadcaster and blocked access to government sites.
The takeover unfolded after Mugabe sacked Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa on November 6 for showing "traits of disloyalty".
The ex-vice president is an ally of army chief General Constantino Chiwenga and a veteran of the country's struggle for independence.
Many believe Mugabe sacked Mnangagwa to make way for his wife Grace to become vice president and eventually rule the country.
Army commander Chiwenga had warned that the military would act if purges against former war liberation fighters did not cease.
Who are the war veterans?
War veterans, who fought alongside Mugabe during the 1970s struggle for liberation from Britain and spearheaded the repossession of white-owned commercial farms in the 2000s, claim their president has betrayed the revolution.
The ongoing purges of scores of Mnangagwa allies have widened the rift between the Mugabes and various groups of war veteran leaders.
Victor Matemadanda, secretary-general of the Zimbabwe National War Veterans Association, recently told Al Jazeera the ongoing expulsions were a strong indication that Mugabe was acting in his own interests and those of his wife.
Who's with and who is against Mugabe now?
As well as the army, opposition and war veterans, some members of Mugabe's own party have turned against him. All 10 of ZANU-PF's provincial structures have passed a motion of no-confidence against Mugabe and called on him to step down as the ruling party's first secretary.
If Mugabe fails to resign on Saturday, the party says it will convene a special committee meeting on Sunday in which the ZANU-PF Central Committee will consider the provincial resolutions to recall Mugabe.
Also on Sunday, regional dignitaries from the Southern African Development Community (SADC) are expected to meet in an extraordinary session to discuss the Zimbabwe situation in neighbouring Botswana, where the SADC headquarters is located.
SADC chair, South African President Jacob Zuma, is a close ally of Mugabe and was the first to talk to the leader after the military takeover.
While the region's leaders have been silent on Mugabe's fate, Botswana's President Ian Khama has openly called for the elderly president to step down.
Will Mugabe quit?
He has certainly lost his grip on power, but whether he will resign remains to be seen.
Mugabe made his first public appearance on Friday, two days after being placed under house arrest, as he attended a graduation ceremony. He is yet to make an official statement.
Reports on Friday citing unnamed sources close to mediation efforts said that Mugabe could be impeached if he fails to quit.
South African media has reported that a transitional government including the opposition could emerge, with sacked Vice President Mnangagwa at the helm. Al Jazeera was unable to verify these reports.
Washington, DC - It took four years and half a billion dollars to build, a mammoth initiative focused on highlighting and exploring a single book.
The Museum of the Bible finally opened on Saturday - 430,000 square feet spanning eight floors, with exhibits on the history, narrative and the impact of the Holy Book.
But since its inception, the Washington, DC-based space has been dogged with controversy, stemming mainly from the family bankrolling it.
The museum of interactive state-of-the-art exhibits is largely funded by Steve Green, a businessman with deep evangelical Christian roots, which have raised questions about the museum's agenda.
Museum officials insist the institution is non-sectarian and inclusive of all faiths - and that it does not have an evangelical agenda reflective of the Greens' own interpretation of the Bible.
"We're not about evangelising," said Tony Ziess, the museum's executive director.
"We're about piquing people's curiosity. We'll just encourage people to come and take a look at the history of this amazing book and what they do after that is entirely up to them."
But the Green family's involvement in promoting their religious beliefs in the public sphere has not silenced growing criticism of the project.
In 2015, the Greens - who own Hobby Lobby, a craft store chain - won a US Supreme Court case to halt their employees' contraceptive coverage mandated under the Affordable Care Act, citing violations of their religious beliefs.
"Steve Green wants to tell a story of the Bible and the story that he's always known is the story he grew up with and the story he believes in," said Joel Baden, a religious scholar at Yale Divinity School and co-author of Bible Nation, a book on Hobby Lobby and the Greens.
"If you're looking for a non-sectarian organisation, they sure have an entire board made up of Evangelical Christians."
Another controversy erupted when it emerged that Hobby Lobby had to settle a case with the US government over trafficking in illegal Iraqi cuneiform tablets and clay seals. Green has had to make several assurances that the museum is free of looted artefacts and manuscripts.
"It's a brand new world for us and so mistakes were made early on," acknowledged Green.
"We learned from those mistakes. We believe we've got a great team today to help us make sure that we don't make the [same] mistakes."
'Pro-Israel gala'
The long-term agreement between the museum and the Israel Antiquities Authority - the governmental body that oversees archaeological excavations - has also raised eyebrows.
The museum says it does not delve into modern-day politics, but references to the annexed Golan Heights as part of Israel, for example, lend credence to arguments that the museum has a pro-Israel slant.
In the museum's dedication on Friday, Israel's ambassador to the US, as well as its minister of tourism and the director of the Israel Antiquities Authority were in attendance.
Several faith leaders, including Christians and Jews, also attended - but no Muslims.
"At times, the event seemed like a pro-Israel gala," The Times of Israel wrote after the event.
The museum directors contend that many faiths, which have been impacted by the Bible, are represented throughout. But the near-absence of other religions, like Mormonism and Islam, has also aroused debates about the museum's agenda.
The building houses cafes, a biblical garden, 3D theatres, a child-focused area and an entire floor that highlights the Bible's influence: historical, cultural and other. But there are only two references to the Quran or Islam (a third is from an exhibit on loan from Jerusalem), and one to Mormonism.
{articleGUID}
"The reason these books are not included is because they are an inconvenient appendix to the story of the Bible that the museum wants to tell," said Candida Moss, a biblical scholar and co-author of Bible Nation.
"When the story of the Bible culminates in the founding of the United States, it is a distraction to talk about a denomination of Christianity that does not think that the Bible is complete."
An Indian social worker says she was denied a job at an orphanage based in the Indian capital of New Delhi because her recruiter felt that her hijab made her look "like a Muslim lady".
"Everything was going smooth, we exchanged many emails," Nedal Zoya, a graduate from Tata Institute of Social Sciences in Mumbai, told Al Jazeera.
"But a few days ago, I got an email stating that 'I am sorry to inform you that even [from] a distance of one kilometer you look like a Muslim lady due to your external Muslim gears'." This comment was referring to her hijab, a headscarf worn by many Muslim women who feel it is part of their religion.
{articleGUID}
After being short-listed by the Delhi Orphanage for Girls in October for the post of social worker, Zoya was asked, by Harish Varma, the president and CEO of the orphanage, to give an online test and send a picture of herself to.
Varma suggested Zoya remove her hijab as one of the pre-conditions to proceed with the recruitment process.
Muslim girl with 'modern thoughts'
After Zoya refused to do as she was asked, Varma sent her an email expressing that he was "shocked" to know that "conservative Islam was her priority, not humanity", and that all her "higher education has gone down drain".
In the email exchange between Varma and Zoya, obtained by Al Jazeera, Varma expressed that he would not allow any kind of religious activities inside the orphanage.
Zoya was later informed that another Muslim girl with "modern thoughts" and a "religion free mindset" was hired for the same post.
"I don't take it as a rejection. I don't consider myself a victim," the 27-year-old said.
"My motive was to create [an] awareness as I am not the only one who has faced such discrimination. People at least need to discuss this matter so that such discrimination on the basis of religion and appearance can be questioned," she said.
Local media reported that Saurabh Bharadwaj, Member of the Delhi Legislative Assembly from the ruling Aam Aadmi Party said that his government will take action against Varma if Zoya will officially lodge a complaint, adding that the Indian constitution did not allow anyone to discriminate on the basis of someone's faith.
'Secular' appearance
Varma told Al Jazeera that the decision was taken based on her eligibility for the job and that the candidate he was looking for should be "secular".
"We are a secular country, we are not giving preference to people based on their religion, which is why I want my orphanage to be religion-free," Varma told Al Jazeera.
"My religion is humanity and yes I don't want any influence of any religion in my organisation."
{articleGUID}
India's constitution guarantees right to freely profess, practice, and propagate one's religion.
[My] scarf adds to my boldness and confidence. And it's completely my choice to cover my head Nedal Zoya
Zoya believes it was an example of how Islamophobia in India is growing and how it can affect the future of India's Muslim population, some 14 percent of the country's 1.3 billion people.
"[My] scarf adds to my boldness and confidence. And it's completely my choice to cover my head," she said.
In 2015, a 22-year-old Masters in Business Administration graduate was denied a job in Mumbai as the company said it only hired "non-Muslim candidates".
'Growing trend of Islamophobia'
Rights groups and many studies say Muslims, along with Dalits and other marginalised groups, face discrimination in jobs and the housing sector. Sachar Committee instituted by the previous UPA government submitted its report in 2006, which painted a negative picture of Muslims' economic and educational status.
Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power in 2014, there has been an increase in attacks on Muslims by Hindu far-right groups. More than a dozen Muslims have been killed by cow vigilantes since then.
In April, Amnesty International released a report urging authorities to ensure that there was no impunity for those responsible for public lynchings and other hate crimes against Muslims in several states.
"This growing trend of Islamophobia needs to be stopped in its tracks. State police departments must ensure that those responsible are brought to justice," the report said.
Zoya feels Islamophobia needs to be tackled at its roots.
"I believe that Islamophobia can be significantly reduced if not totally eradicated if the parents/guardians/families shape their children's idea about religion, peace, love and harmony in a way that they are not influenced by what they see or hear but rather by their own logical reasoning and non-judgemental approach.
"For any kind of change to take place, the mindsets must change."
Tripoli, Lebanon - Ahmad Tajeldin Abdullah remembers when his neighbourhood was filled with dead bodies. Three years ago, on the streets of Tripoli, he witnessed snipers shoot children on their walk to school, homes destroyed by explosions, and women being shot while hanging laundry outside.
Abdullah was starting to get used to peace in his country, but now he is terrified that it is about to end.
"I can already see a war coming," he says. "I have a daughter who's just 13 days old. I'm afraid for my children's lives."
{articleGUID}
His fear stems from a political crisis brewing in Lebanon.
It started on November 4, when Prime Minister Saad Hariri abruptly resigned.
He made the announcement from Saudi Arabia, fell off the radar for eight days, and then broke his silence in a televised interview, again from Saudi.
The series of events fueled rumours that Saudi forced Hariri to resign.
Lebanese officials believe the Sunni-led country is using him as a pawn in their competition for regional power against Hezbollah, an Iran-backed, Shia group that has established a strong military and political presence in Lebanon.
As Abdullah points at bullet marks on Tripoli's buildings, he says what seems to be on a lot of minds in Lebanon: "Iran and Saudi Arabia are fighting for power, and I am afraid they will they use Lebanon as their battlefield."
If this tiny country goes to war, the consequences could be dire - especially now, as it struggles to maintain political stability, continues to heal from its last civil war and hosts nearly two million Syrian refugees.
Many have already started storing up on food, saving money, and preparing for something they have become all too familiar with: war.
Toll on economy
Since Hariri's resignation, Tripoli business owners have felt the effects. Fadi Shaker went from averaging $300 a day at his candy shop to $20, Jinan Dib has had four days without a single customer at her salon, and Monzer Nshabe has profited about $7 a day at his dishware store.
"People are scared a war is going to start, so they're holding onto their money," said Nshabe, who typically makes $100 a day.
"They're only buying necessary things, like food."
{articleGUID}
Lebanon's last war was between 2011 and 2014, when the Syrian crisis spilled into Tripoli.
In Lebanon, you can't guarantee anything. There is no permanent peace. Mohamad Youssef, Tripoli resident
People who supported President Bashar al-Assad fought those against him.
The battles, which left nearly 200 people dead, are still fresh in the minds of residents.
Twenty-five-year-old Mohamad Youssef remembers seeing a man get shot dead outside his house. After that, he did not go outside for two years, dropped out of college and relied on rain for drinking water.
"When Hariri resigned, I felt a big possibility there will be war," he said. "In Lebanon, you can't guarantee anything. There is no permanent peace."
For many, there appears to be one person who can ease tensions between Saudia Arabia and Hezbollah: Lebanese President Michel Aoun.
Balance of powers
Hezbollah has gradually become Lebanon's strongest political and military force, possessing veto power in Lebanon's cabinet and playing the decisive role in getting Aoun elected last year.
Since then, Aoun has supported Hezbollah, putting a wedge in Lebanon's balance of powers.
"In the eyes of Saudi Arabia, that means Hezbollah and Aoun are establishing an anti-Saudi front and moving Lebanon further away from a neutral stance, instead in favour of Iran," said Imad Salamey, director of the Institute for Social Justice and Conflict Resolution at the Lebanese American University.
{articleGUID}
On the same day as Hariri's resignation, Houthi rebels in Yemen launched a missile attack targeting Riyadh, which the Kingdom blames on Iran.
Saudi sent a message to Lebanon by pressuring Hariri to resign, Salamey says.
And, on Tuesday, the Kingdom sent another message by inviting the head of Lebanon's Maronite Catholic Church to the country. Patriarch Bechara Boutros al-Rai met King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Few details of the meeting were provided, but Salamey says the Saudis likely told the church patriarch to persuade Aoun, who represents Lebanon's Christians, to change his pro-Hezbollah stance.
Saudi money
Saudi Arabia has injected about $4bn into Lebanese banks to help Lebanon maintain a healthy economy, but the Kingdom has threatened to pull its money out if Aoun does not fall in line - a move that could bring Lebanon to its knees.
"There wouldn't be war as much as there would be chaos - people breaking into stores, people breaking into apartments, people without jobs or money," Salamey said. "There would be people in the street, rioting. It could be a collapse of the state."
This is not the first time Saudi has made such threats.
{articleGUID}
Last year, it punished Lebanon for siding with Iran in the Syrian war, slashing billions of dollars in aid.
But not everyone agrees with Salamey's fears.
Asad AbuKhalil, a political science professor at California State University, says that taking money out of Lebanon will not break the country.
"Israel came and tried to invade Lebanon in 2006, and Lebanon did not collapse," he said.
"Lebanon lived through many civil wars and did not collapse. It's going to take a world war to make Lebanon collapse. The Saudis do not understand the situation, and that's why they overreached and overreacted."
Riyadh's Middle East power struggle and the role of the news media. Plus, the challenge of covering Manus Island.
On The Listening Post this week, Saudi Arabia's Middle East power play as seen across the region's media. Plus, the lock-down facing journalists trying to cover refugees on Manus Island.
Lebanon's PM and Saudi Arabia's power play
In just two weeks, the new Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Salman has upended both the domestic and the regional balance of power with a series of moves that have left observers struggling to keep up.
Regional media have reported the resignation of the Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri, the arrest of dozens of princes and businessmen and the threat of regional conflict through the political positions that they bring to the mix.
International media have also shown their colours by selectively seeing what they want to see in the new prince.
"I do not have the patience to listen to the overt propaganda of the Saudi channels. So I'm not a follower of Al Arabiya or of Al Jazeera which is the Qatari-based channel. But what struck me more and what upset me more was the propaganda coming from western media. That I found to be quite surprising and truly yellow journalism," Rania Masri, an academic and writer, told The Listening Post.
Contributors:
Rania Masri, academic and writer
Habib Battah, editor, BeirutReport.com and journalism lecturer at the American University of Beirut
As'ad Abukhalil, professor, California State University, Stanislaus
David Hearst, editor, Middle East Eye
On our radar
Zimbabwe's army seizes the state broadcaster as it moves to take control of the country's succession.
Julian Assange trolls Trump Jr while defending WikiLeaks' journalism.
Venezuela's new media law raises heckles from press freedom activists.
Covering Manus Island
Last year, Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruled that Australia's imprisonment of asylum seekers on the islands of Manus and Nauru was illegal and ordered the closure of the camps.
Unfortunately, the story attracted little attention since Australia's offshore "processing centres" for asylum seekers have operated largely under a shroud of secrecy.
Journalists trying to report on conditions at the prisons have been blocked at every turn by the governments involved.
Eighteen months since that court ruling, the camps are now closed but the refugees are refusing to leave fearing attacks by local people.
The Listening Post's Johanna Hoes returns to the story of the refugees on Manus Island and Nauru.
Contributors:
Elaine Pearson, director, HRW Australia
Paul Farrell, senior reporter, Buzzfeed Australia
Matthew Abbott, documentary photographer
Amir Taghinia, former Manus refugee
Behrouz Boochani, refugee
Source: Al Jazeera
Harare, Zimbabwe - Besieged President Robert Mugabe has refused to step down, amid mounting pressure from the army on the former guerrilla to allow a smooth and bloodless transition.
The military demands seek to reinstate former Vice President Emerson Mnangagwa as first vice president and then as leader of a transitional administration.
According to an army statement broadcast on Zimbabwe state television on Friday, "significant progress" has been made in mediation talks aimed at ending Mugabe's military house arrest.
Mugabe is still resistant to demands to resign, but increasing internal calls from war veterans and the army could see Mugabe bringing Mnangagwa back into the fold and a possible end to the temporary takeover.
{articleGUID}
However, discussions are still in the early stages, according to army officials, and consideration of a power transition as Mugabe's presidential term draws to a close remains a major sticking point he has refused to concede to.
Mnangagwa, who earned the nickname "Ngwena" (Crocodile) from his youth as a member of the 1960s Crocodile Gang that waged acts of anti-colonial resistance against the white minority regime of the time. The moniker gained popularity as his political shrewdness has seen him survive seemingly dire situations.
The Lacoste Zanu PF faction - aligned with Mnangagwa and named after the French designer label with a crocodile logo - seems to have been rejuvenated by the army's intervention after it appeared First Lady Grace Mugabe was tipped to take over Mnangagwa's vacant post.
Upping the call
As diplomatic talks over Mugabe's future leadership continue at home and in the region, Lacoste youths - both current and expelled Zanu PF members - have upped the call for Mugabe to step down and allow Mnangagwa to become party and national president.
William Gerald Lumumba Mutumanje (popularly known as Acie Lumumba), an expelled youth leader who has sworn off Mugabe, insists "the Crocodile" must rule.
{articleGUID}
In a video that has received over 75,000 Facebook views in its first hours of posting and continues to spread via WhatsApp, Zimbabwe's most popular social media platform, Lumumba calls on Zimbabweans to march on Saturday.
He calls for people to gather in support of the military action and in solidarity with the war veterans' call for the 93-year-old to pass power on.
"On Saturday the 18th of November every Zimbabwean find yourselves to the so-called Robert Mugabe square, find yourself there, bring your flag, carry it, because on Saturday we are going to make sure we support the military, they have done their part," he implores.
Once allies, the war veterans fell out with Mugabe over a year ago for calling on him to appoint Mnangagwa his successor.
To step up their challenge to Mugabe, the former liberation fighters plan to gather on Saturday to launch a revolutionary council to set out a new vision for Zanu PF that sees Mnangagwa taking over the movement. Victor Matemadanda, secretary-general of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association, told Al Jazeera Mnangagwa he feels it's time for Mugabe to "do the honourable thing" and pass the baton on.
"Mugabe has betrayed our struggle over the years, and this time he has to go. He cannot hold the whole country ransom, and as war veterans, we won't allow him to do that," he said.
The 'generals' reward'
McDonald Lewanika, a political analyst and activist, told Al Jazeera he expects that if Mugabe is eventually allowed an "honourable exit", questions over Zimbabwe and Zanu PF's future leadership would need to be settled through a legitimate process.
He points out under the current constitution, should Mugabe eventually step down the first vice president would take over as interim leader for 90 days. But for that to happen, Mnangagwa would first need to be reappointed by Mugabe.
At this stage, it's unclear if Mugabe will reinstate his deputy, but if he does, Lewanika says, the ruling party's upcoming extraordinary congress slated for December could become a victors' party.
{articleGUID}
The analyst says Zanu PF's special congress, which was meant to be a "coronation" for First Lady Grace Mugabe who prior to the military action received party endorsements for the vice presidency, could potentially see both Mnangagwa and army leader, General Constantino Chiwenga handsomely rewarded.
"The Zanu PF congress scheduled for December will go ahead, so if a transition process is in place by then and the party is 'allowed' to elect a new leader, this will make the appointment of Mnangagwa legitimate.
"This could possibly result in the former Vice President opting for a zero-sum transition where the 'winners' take all the spoils, and the generals are rewarded," said Lewanika.
A Crocodile waiting in the wings?
Alex Magaisa, a law professor and former adviser to former Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai who has written extensively on Mnangagwa's relationship with Mugabe, told Al Jazeera the time had come for the oft-reserved Ngwena to show his leadership qualities.
"Now his challenge is to demonstrate leadership. If his challenge was stifled under Mugabe's wings, this is his chance to shine. He comes with a nasty reputation, and he must work hard to cleanse himself," he said.
Mnangagwa, Mugabe's former prison mate, has held a cabinet post in the authoritarian regime since 1980. Magaisa describes Mnangagwa as having been Mugabe's loyal "water carrier" who has done Mugabe's bidding in various posts as minister of state security, minister of justice and speaker of parliament.
{articleGUID}
In these positions, Mnangagwa, a trained lawyer, has overseen intelligence and security operations that have caused the deaths of tens of thousands of people.
Mnangagwa's reputation is tarnished by being minister of state security as he headed the Joint High Command (JHC), an organ that oversaw the army and the Central Intelligence Organization (CIO).
Operations by the North Korean-trained Fifth Brigade army unit and CIO in the south-western Matabeleland and Midlands regions resulted in the ethnic massacre of at least 20,000 people in the 1980s.
Although Mnangagwa has denied responsibility for the mass killings, he is seen as key player in the atrocities known as the Gukurahundi massacres.
Within the party, Mnangagwa served as Zanu PF's chief election agent in the 2008 presidential elections while in the government he served as head of the Joint Operations Command (JOC), a modified version of the JHC.
In this dual role, Mnangagwa organised Mugabe's re-election campaign in a presidential poll and runoff that resulted in the deaths of close to 200 opposition supporters and allegations of grave violations documented by international rights groups.
During his three-year tenure as vice president, Mnangagwa has tried to recast his image with both the local business community, where he has many wealthy allies, and the international community where he's seen as a 'reformist'.
{articleGUID}
He also spearheaded Zimbabwe's reintegration after years of isolation by the international community.
He has led delegations to China, Belarus, Russia, South Africa and Western Europe where he has signed major trade deals on behalf of Zimbabwe.
To diplomats, as to much of Zimbabwe, the 75-year-old appears to be the man who might actually succeed Mugabe, and if a favourable deal to end the military takeover can be negotiated, the popular Crocodile may yet have his turn at the throne.
Tendai Marima is journalist in Harare. Follow her on Twitter and Instagram @i_amten
Thousands of Zimbabweans are protesting on Saturday against President Robert Mugabe to seek his resignation, days after military seized power from the 93-year-old leader.
Soldiers on Wednesday took control of the headquarters of the state broadcaster ZBC and blocked access to government offices, but the army says this is not a military takeover.
Mugabe, who leads the ruling Zanu-PF party, is safe, an army spokesman said. The leader appeared in public for the first time on Friday, at a graduation ceremony.
The unfolding crisis comes amid an apparent bid to expand the Mugabe dynasty.
First Lady Grace Mugabe is said to be eyeing the vice presidency after President Mugabe sacked Emmerson Mnangagwa, an ally of the army, on November 6.
Opinion: Mugabe - Between the wife and the loyal lieutenant
Have Mugabe's own words come back to haunt him?
Could Mnangagwa be Zimbabwe's comeback crocodile?
Who are the key players in the Zimbabwe crisis?
How are people in Zimbabwe and the world reacting?
Profile: Who is Robert Mugabe?
Read the military's statement in full
Robert Mugabe's most famous quotes
Saturday, November 18: The Latest
Mugabe to meet army chiefs on Sunday: state TV
Zimbabwe's embattled president will hold talks with military commanders on Sunday, state broadcaster ZTV said, quoting Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori who has been acting as a mediator.
Mugabe will meet with the army chiefs who seized power in a bid to end the crisis that has gripped the country, state TV said.
The announcement of the crunch talks comes after tens of thousands of overjoyed protesters flooded the streets of Zimbabwe's capital, Harare.
Army says Mugabe removal a 'journey'
The process to remove Mugabe from power is a "journey" and will take more than "one day", an army general told thousands of protesters trying to march to the State House in Harare.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo commended the protesters for taking part in the largest anti-Mugabe demonstration the southern African country has ever seen and asked them to go home.
"The operation we are doing together as a country is a journey, we cannot go around the mountain in one day, but through your support we have covered a great distance," Moyo told the crowd in the capital.
Protesters who appeared to be in high spirit were encouraged by the general's words.
"Although we didn't make it to State House, we made it here to this point and just the amount of people, the different backgrounds and races that came out today showed that we all agreed today … We all agreed today that he must go," Anesu Dawa, who took part in the march, told Al Jazeera.
Army tells Harare protesters to disperse
Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from a mass anti-Mugabe rally in Harare, says crowds are dispersing after being instructed to do so by the army.
"We will tell you when something is announced, but go home for now," the military told the protesters, according to Mutasa.
"People are leaving; they now are going to another venue, the Zimbabwe Grounds, where there is a celebration and people anticipating the announcement that Mugabe will resign," added our correspondent.
"There is no confirmation whether that will happen, and no idea when it will happen, if it does happen, but a lot people are saying that there is a definite feeling in the country that change is really coming."
Mugabe 'ready to die for what is correct'
Zimbabwe's president and his wife, Grace, are "ready to die for what is correct" and have no intention of stepping down in order to legitimise this week's military coup, his nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, has told Reuters news agency.
Speaking from a secret location in South Africa, Zhuwao said on Saturday that Mugabe had hardly slept since the military seized power on Wednesday but his health was otherwise "good".
'We are president, not monarchs,' Khama tells Mugabe
Ian Khama, the president of Botswana, has urged Mugabe to step down, saying the Zimbabwean leader has no regional diplomatic support.
"I don't think anyone should be president for that amount of time," Khama told Reuters news agency, referring to Mugabe's 37 years in power.
"We are presidents. We are not monarchs. It's just common sense," added Khama.
South African President Zuma: Region committed to supporting people of Zimbabwe
As thousands gather in Zimbabwe to protest against President Robert Mugabe, South African President Jacob Zuma - the 93-year-old leader's close ally - said the region supports "the people of Zimbabwe".
Regional dignitaries from the Southern African Development Community (SADC) are expected to meet on Sunday in an extraordinary session to discuss the Zimbabwe situation in neighbouring Botswana, where the SADC headquarters is located.
Zuma chairs the SADC.
'He has to go': Protesters talk to Al Jazeera
Florence Mguni, a 59-year-old who went to train in Mozambique as a liberation fighter at the age of 15, travelled overnight from Bulawayo to Harare in hope of witnessing Mugabe's departure. "We went to fight in the war, I was taught how to hold a gun as a young girl but today Zimbabwe is free and I am poor. I'm a widow and my children aren't in school because I can't always afford to pay their fees," she said.
Tapiwa Magidi, a 32-year-old geologist, said Mugabe should resign because the 93-year-old leader was not serving young people. "We are a lost generation, most of the young people in this country were born after independence but we are now grown and we don't have much," he told Al Jazeera. "We can't get jobs, we have to live at home with our parents and we can't even afford to get married.
Tapiwa Tavaziva, a 32-year-old financial adviser who had left Zimbabwe for the US, said: "I spent 12 years out of this country because of Mugabe and the situation in this country. He's been responsible for so many things that have happened to people in their personal lives, he broken up so many homes, family structures are broken and we don't have what we used to because he [Mugabe] loves power. He has to go."
Thousands turn out to march against Mugabe
By mid-morning, thousands in Harare turned out to march against Mugabe in a rare show of public defiance.
Here is more on the marches planned for the day.
Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from Harare, is posting images and video of the event. You can follow her on Twitter at @harumutasa.
"Zimbabweans of all races here, blacks and whites," Mutasa said of a rally at Robert Mugabe Square.
Zimbabweans to demand Mugabe's resignation at rally
Thousands are expected to march in Harare on Saturday, calling for Mugabe's resignation.
ZANU PF's 10 Provincial Coordinating Committees (PCC) has unanimously called on Mugabe to step down as party saying the 93-year-old leader had "lost control of the party and government business due to incapacitation stemming from his advanced age", according to state broadcaster, ZBC.
As part of its takeover, the army took over ZBC on Wednesday.
Friday, November 17: The Latest
ZANU-PF provincial branches want Mugabe out
All 10 of ZANU-PF's provincial structures have passed a motion of no-confidence against Robert Mugabe and called on him to step down as the ruling party's first secretary.
In a rare show of defiance, the provincial branches' move was carried by Zimbabwe's state broadcaster ZBC.
Meanwhile, a private radio station owned by one of Mugabe's aides, Supa Mandiwanzira, the minister of information, communication, technology and couriers Services, on Friday broadcast messages calling on citizens to take to the streets on Saturday.
Following the votes by ZANU-PF's branches, the party's Central Committee is now expected to hold an emergency meeting on Sunday to pass a resolution of no-confidence in Mugabe's 40-year leadership of the party.
Harare residents urged to take part in mass anti-Mugabe rally
A poster circulating in the Zimbabwean capital is calling on citizens to participate in a march on Saturday to "remove Mugabe from power."
Calls for the rally to the State House say both the military and the opposition are behind it.
"We can't have a 93-year-old person ruling more than 15 million people," the poster says.
Tillerson calls for return to civilian rule
The US secretary of state has called the developments in Zimbabwe a "concern", urging "a quick return" to civilian rule.
"Zimbabwe has an opportunity to set itself on a new path, one that must include democratic elections and respect for human rights," Rex Tillerson told foreign ministers from African countries ahead of a meeting in Washington, DC.
'His time is up'
Temba Mliswa, an expelled ZANU-PF member and independent parliamentarian, says if Mugabe refuses to step down, a motion to pass a no-confidence vote will be put before parliament at its next sitting on Tuesday.
"He is an old man, he is sick and he is in a state of shock so he needs to digest the news because he never imagined this day would come," Mliswa told Al Jazeera.
"He can no longer resist, he should know his time is up," added Mliswa.
'Mugabe will not be allowed to stay in office'
Chris Mutsvangwa, the leader of Zimbabwe's influential war veterans, said on Friday that Mugabe would not be allowed to resist the military and remain in power.
Mutsvangwa added that the veterans saluted Zimbabwe's military for seizing power earlier in the week.
Botswana president tells Mugabe to go
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe should end his attempts to remain in office after the military seized power this week as he has no regional diplomatic support to stay in power, Botswana President Ian Khama said on Friday.
The military intervention, which political sources say could pave the way to a national unity government after 37 years of Mugabe rule, also presented "an opportunity to put Zimbabwe on a path to peace and prosperity", Khama told Reuters news agency.
"I don't think anyone should be president for that amount of time," he said. "We are presidents, we are not monarchs. It's just common sense."
Mugabe in first public appearance since army takeover
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has appeared in public for the first time since the army's takeover on Wednesday.
Mugabe, who was believed to be under house arrest, attended a university graduation ceremony in Harare on Friday, where he announced the opening of the event.
Zimbabwe's military said it was engaging in talks with President Robert Mugabe on a path forward, promising an update on the outcome soon.
The military also reported significant progress in an operation targeting "criminals" linked to the president.
Mugabe has refused to resign, despite pressure from the country's opposition.
Thursday, November 16: The Latest
Mugabe meets South African delegation at state house
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe, two cabinet ministers and the head of the military met South African envoys on Thursday in his office, the state Herald newspaper said.
Photos on the newspaper's website showed Mugabe, General Constantino Chiwenga; Sydney Sekeramayi, Zimbabwe defence minister; and Kembo Mohadi, Zimbabwe state security minister, speaking to South African officials alongside Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori.
The South African officials in the photos included Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, the defence minister, and Bongani Bongo, the state security minister.
Zimbabwe opposition leader says Mugabe must resign
Morgan Tsvangirai said President Robert Mugabe must resign in the interest of the people of the country.
The opposition leader said that a post-election framework is needed to guarantee stability and that the southern African regional bloc and the African Union should be "underwriters" of it.
Tsvangirai said he has not been approached to be part of any transitional mechanism but "if we are approached to negotiate such a process, we will participate".
Tsvangirai shared power with Mugabe between 2009 and 2013 before losing disputed elections. He has been receiving treatment for cancer.
South Africa's Zuma: Zimbabwe situation will become clear shortly
President Jacob Zuma told parliament on Thursday that Zimbabwe's situation "very shortly will be becoming clear".
Zuma has been in contact with Mugabe and on Wednesday said he hoped the military takeover will not "lead to unconstitutional changes of government".
Meanwhile, a delegation from Pretoria has arrived in the Zimbabwean capital, Harare, to find a way out of the political impasse.
As Zimbabwe crisis enters second day, discussions and detentions
Regional officials are making efforts to solve the crisis, as our journalist in Harare reports.
A local mediation team that includes two government officials and a Catholic priest are reportedly involved in talks to find a solution to Mugabe's confinement.
People on the streets shied away from commenting, but Cletus Mubaiwa, 29, an electrical engineer, told Al Jazeera he hoped Mugabe's impasse with the army would be resolved peacefully.
Some government offices that were closed have re-opened.
Meanwhile, several of Mugabe's top ministers, including Minister of Finance Ignatius Chombo, are currently being detained by the army at the King George VI military barracks.
Zanu-PF National Youth League Secretary, Kudzanai Chipanga who is also being held at the military barracks, publicly apologised to the Zimbabwe Defence Forces Commander General, Constantino Chiwenga, for castigating the general's call for Mugabe to stop purges within the ruling party.
Major developments overnight and Thursday morning
On Wednesday evening, Zimbabwe state media urged all civil servants, business owners and traders to go to work on Thursday.
The mood on Thursday morning, according to Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa in Harare, was "calm and quiet" with "some people already heading to school and work".
Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori, the man who acts as chaplain to Mugabe and his family, is attempting to negotiate the "political exit" of the 93-year-old leader. But Mugabe insists he can only be removed through a party leadership vote.
Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) party, has returned to Harare after reportedly undergoing cancer treatment in South Africa. He is expected to deliver a statement later today.
No information has been divulged regarding Mugabe's whereabouts as of Thursday morning.
Wednesday, November 15: The latest
#ThisFlag, a citizens' movement protesting against Mugabe's rule, has called for calm and the protection of all Zimbabweans following the army's takeover of power.
"In order to see a better Zimbabwe that we all want, we must now stand together. There has never been a more opportune time to be united than now," the movement said in a statement on Wednesday.
"Zimbabwe needs you to remain calm but hopeful, Zimbabwe needs you to support and encourage each other," the statement added.
Zimbabwean lawmaker: Army takeover constitutional
A Zimbabwean legislator has claimed the move by the country's military to seize power and "confine President Robert Mugabe to his house" is constitutional.
Temba Mliswa, an independent member of parliament, said the army took power because of instability in the country caused by First Lady Grace Mugabe.
"For some outside the country it is bad news, but for those in Zimbabwe, it is good news because this is a timely intervention by the military and it is constitutional," Mliswa told Al Jazeera.
"The constitution clearly talks about the role of the military in terms of being the ones to protect the national security, interest and territorial integrity of the country. They are within their gambit to do what they are doing because there was instability in the country as a result of the first lady usurping powers from the president.
"The people of Zimbabwe elected Robert Mugabe as president, not Grace Mugabe. The military are there to restore law and order."
In Harare, uncertainty and optimism after army takeover
On the streets of Zimbabwe's capital, guarded optimism and concern about the future dominate discussions after the army's seizure of power. Read more here.
AU: Zimbabwe crisis 'seems like a coup'
The African Union (AU) chief said the political crisis in Zimbabwe "seems like a coup", while calling on the military to restore constitutional order.
Alpha Conde, who is also Guinea's president, said the AU condemned the actions of army leaders in the country as "clearly soldiers trying to take power by force".
"The African Union expresses its serious concern regarding the situation unfolding in Zimbabwe," he said in a statement on Wednesday.
Amnesty calls on army to safeguard people's rights
Amnesty International, the global advocacy group, has called on Zimbabwe's army to protect the rights of people during the current political uncertainty.
"It is essential that the military ensure the safety and security of all people in Zimbabwe - regardless of their political allegiance - and refrain from any action that puts lives and human rights at risk," said Deprose Muchena, Amnesty's Southern Africa director.
"The military takeover should not be used as an excuse to undermine Zimbabwe's international and regional human rights obligations and commitments."
Who's who?
We have explained who's who in the Zimbabwe crisis, from the Mugabes and sacked Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa to the army and the war veterans. Read more here.
UK's Boris Johnson: Nobody wants to see transition from one unelected tyrant to next
Boris Johnson, Britain's foreign secretary, said in a statement: "It's hard to say exactly how this will turn out. Everybody wants to see a stable and successful Zimbabwe. We are appealing for everyone to refrain from violence, that is the crucial thing."
Earlier in parliament, he had a more colourful tone saying: "Nobody wants simply to see the transition from one unelected tyrant to a next."
SADC weighs in
The Southern African Development Community (SADC), a regional body, said it has noted the political situation in Zimbabwe with "great concern", adding it hopes the situation "will not lead to unconstitutional changes of government".
SADC called on the army and government to solve the crisis "amicably".
Earlier, South African President Zuma, in his capacity as SADC chairman, said he was sending special envoys to Zimbabwe and Angola in light of the crisis. Angola chairs SADC's peace and security arm.
Opposition member: Zimbabweans are happy
Lovemore Chinoputsa, a member of the opposition Movement For Democratic Change (MDC) party, said earlier on Wednesday: "It's a sign of relief to Zimbabweans. From the look of things, Zimbabweans are happy that there has been a stop to the family dynasty agenda that was being propagated by Robert Mugabe and his wife."
MDC on Tuesday called on people to defend civilian rule in the country following the army's threat.
War veterans support army, say Zanu-PF 'taken back'
The war veterans met earlier in the day and gave a press conference.
"We urge that Robert Gabriel Mugabe should be recalled from his role as the president and first secretary of ZANU-PF. We also want to facilitate good and proper running of political parties in the forthcoming elections," said Victor Matemadanda, the war veterans' leader.
"On the streets, people are waiting to see if this is going to happen," said Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa in Harare.
War veterans, who fought alongside Mugabe during the 1970s struggle for liberation against Britain and spearheaded the repossession of white-owned commercial farms in the 2000s, regularly claim that Mugabe has betrayed the revolution.
'No military takeover'
The Herald newspaper released a special edition, given the dramatic events of the day.
The afternoon edition's headline is: "The Herald: No military takeover"
An earlier edition read: "Zanu-PF unfazed by Chiwenga", referring to the army commander who has challenged Mugabe.
Is Grace Mugabe in Namibia?
Sky News has reported that, according to sources, Grace Mugabe believed to be in Namibia. Al Jazeera is unable to confirm this report, as yet.
Grace is the first lady and is at the centre the crisis.
You can read more about Grace Mugabe in a recent pre-crisis feature here.
The Namibian Sun, an English-language newspaper, tweeted a statement from the government that did not mention Grace.
The statement said Namibia has been following the "unfolding developments in Zimbabwe with concern".
"Namibia is concerned that the present situation in Zimbabwe creates uncertainty that is not conducive to peace, stability and consolidation of democracy in Zimbabwe and the region as a whole."
Zuma speaks to Mugabe
The office of South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said Mugabe has indicated that "he was confined to his home but said that he was fine".
In a statement posted online, the office said South Africa is in touch with the Zimbabwe military. "President Zuma has reiterated his call for calm and restraint and for the ZDF [military] to ensure that peace and stability are not undermined in Zimbabwe," the statement said.
In his address, which was broadcast later on Wednesday, South African President Zuma said: "Given the seriousness of the situation, I have taken the decision to send an envoy to be able to conduct the leaders of the defence force who have undertaken these operations, but also to meet with President Mugabe so that we have a [clearer] picture of what is happening."
'It's an inside-the-party coup'
Professor David Moore, speaking from Johannesburg, told Al Jazeera: "It is an inside-the-party coup. The president has not been deposed. People are being arrested, the G-40 people are being arrested, but the G-40 never had the army in their hands. It's relatively peaceful so far." The G-40 is Grace Mugabe's political faction.
On whether or not Mugabe will be deposed, Moore said: "I don't think Mugabe will be deposed. I think the plan will be as is indicated in Chiwenga's speech on Monday night to guarantee that the extraordinary congress, which is set up for the end of December this year instead of next year. In other words, before the election of July next year which was planned by G-40. I think Mugabe will see the way the wind is blowing. He's very, very good at keep[ing] his finger to the winds of these conflicts.
Zuma to speak
Al Jazeera has learned that South African President Jacob Zuma is expected to speak at 11:00 GMT. We will bring you that speech, as and when it happens, at aljazeera.com/live .
There is a significant number of Zimbabweans living in South Africa.
Mugabe and Zuma maintain good relations and are close allies.
Foreign guests leave hotel
A journalist in Harare, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told Al Jazeera that foreign hotel guests at the Cresta Lodge in Harare were leaving.
Earlier the US and UK had warned their citizens in Harare against attending demonstrations or discussing the president.
Flights operational
Trevor Ncube, a Zimbabwean businessman living in South Africa, said flights in and out of Zimbabwe were operating as usual. Ncube is verified on Twitter, and is a critical voice on Mugabe. "Air Zimbabwe took off for Bulawayo this morning and the SAA flight from Harare landed a while ago," he tweeted.
Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from Harare, confirmed that airports were open as usual.
Fears over economy
For many Zimbabweans, the first priority was to head to the banks. Images sent to Al Jazeera showed queues of people waiting to be addressed by banking staff on the situation over cash withdrawals.
Martin Muradzikwa, a mobile phone shop owner in Harare, told Al Jazeera he feared clashes between soldiers and Mugabe loyalists would break out.
Main branches of international banks were closed, due to their proximity to government buildings.
Arrests
Several high-profile, Zanu-PF individuals have been detained and those at large are being pursued, according to reports.
'No outward panic'
Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from Harare, said the atmosphere on the streets felt tense. "I don't think people expected this kind of military takeover. I'm Zimbabwean, I was born after independence from Britain, I've never experienced this kind of feeling in the air. At the moment, people are just wondering what is going to happen next."
Mutasa also said, however, that it was business as usual for now. "There's no outward panic, you're not seeing people running away or fleeing."
Newspaper headline: Zanu-PF unfazed
Zimbabwean newspaper The Herald ran with the headline: "Zanu-PF unfazed by Chiwenga", referring to the army general.
Where is Mugabe?
As yet, there is no official comment from the government or the Mugabe family as to the president's whereabouts.
UK, US warns citizens in Harare
The US and UK have advised their citizens in Harare, the capital, to stay indoors amid the uncertainty. "You should avoid political activity, or activities which could be considered political, including political discussions in public places and criticism of the president," Britain warned.
The US embassy in Harare tweeted: "Due to ongoing uncertainty in Zimbabwe, the U.S. Embassy in Harare will be minimally staffed and closed to the public on November 15. Embassy personnel will continue to monitor the situation closely. @StateDept"
Military: We are targeting criminals
In a televised address early on Wednesday morning, military spokesperson, Major General SB Moyo, said the army was seeking to "pacify a degenerating, social, and economic situation", and denied a coup.
"We are only targeting criminals around [Mugabe] and are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country, in order to bring them to justice," he said. You can read the statement in full here.
Military seizes state TV
On Wednesday, November 15, the Zimbabwe army seized state TV and blocked off access to government offices.
This came after reports of explosions and gunfire the previous evening.
What had happened until Wednesday? The backstory
Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, an ally of the army chief and a veteran of the country's struggle for independence, was sacked on November 6 by 93-year-old Mugabe for showing "traits of disloyalty".
Mnangagwa, who fled the country soon after, was seen as a likely successor to the ailing president, and his ousting now appears to pave the way for First Lady Grace Mugabe.
Army commander Constantino Chiwenga said on Monday, November 13, that the military would act if purges against former war liberation fighters did not cease.
Zanu-PF on November 14 accused the army chief of "treasonable conduct" after he challenged Mugabe over the sacking of the vice president.
On Tuesday, November 14, the youth wing of ZANU-PF party, said it was "ready to die" for Mugabe, after the military threat to intervene.
There were unconfirmed reports of explosions and shooting in the capital, Harare, on Tuesday evening.
War veterans and Mugabe supporters:
Saad Hariri has confirmed he will return home to Lebanon in the coming days to take part in Independence Day celebrations.
"I will return to Beirut in the coming days," Hariri said in Paris, where he met French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday in a bid to solve the political turmoil surrounding his sudden resignation as prime minister two weeks ago.
"I will participate in the celebrations for our independence and it is there that I will make known my position on all the issues."
Lebanon will mark its Independence Day on Wednesday, November 22.
Earlier on Saturday, Lebanese President Michel Aoun and Speaker of Parliament Nabih Berri both posted statements saying Hariri would return for the occasion.
A statement on Aoun's official Facebook page said the president received a phone call from Hariri after his arrival in France's capital, in which the Lebanese prime minister confirmed his participation in the Independence Day celebrations.
{articleGUID}
Berri posted a similarly worded statement on his own Facebook page.
Hariri announced his resignation as Lebanese prime minister in a televised speech on November 4, shortly after landing in the Saudi capital, Riyadh.
He has not returned to Lebanon since and his trip to France's capital, Paris, on Saturday was his first outside of Saudi Arabia since he made the announcement.
Politicians within his own Future Movement, as well his rivals, have demanded he return home to formalise his resignation.
Saudi role
On Wednesday, Aoun accused Saudi Arabia of holding Hariri against his will, a standpoint held by the Iran-backed Shia movement, Hezbollah, which is part of the country's ruling coalition.
Hariri condemned Hezbollah in his resignation speech, but the group's leader Hasan Nasrallah believes he was coerced into standing down.
A Reuters report citing "sources close to Hariri" said the Saudis were holding him for refusing to confront Hezbollah and Iranian influence in Lebanon.
On Friday, Lebanon's Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, during a visit to Russia, criticised groups for attempting to "dislodge the Lebanese head of state", without naming them.
The suspicions are not limited to Lebanese politicians.
Earlier this week, Saudi Arabia recalled its ambassador to Germany after its foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, condemned Saudi interference in Lebanon's internal politics.
Hariri rejected the claims that he was being held by the Saudis in a televised interview and later in a tweet directed at Gabriel, but analysts said his demeanour during the interview was not consistent with his statements.
{articleGUID}
Al Jazeera's Zeina Khodr, reporting from Lebanon's capital Beirut, said Hariri's children had not accompanied him on the trip to Paris and that could "raise a lot of questions".
"Some in Lebanon will definitely say that one way or the other, Saad Hariri remains some sort of a political hostage," she said.
Hariri's resignation throws Lebanon's fragile political set-up into chaos as it leaves Hezbollah with the arduous task of finding a Sunni politician willing to lead a new coalition government.
Under a political deal reached last year, a coalition government was formed in Lebanon, with Hariri as prime minister and Aoun as president.
According to Lebanon's constitution, the office of prime minister must be held by someone from the Sunni community.
Saudi Arabia and its Arab Gulf allies view Hezbollah as a "terrorist organisation" because of its role in Arab countries ranging from Syria to Yemen.
But Saudi Arabia's Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said from Spain that "unless Hezbollah disarms and becomes a political party, Lebanon will be held hostage by Hezbollah and by extension Iran".
An entire village consisting of dozens of Palestinian Bedouin families is threatened with imminent forced displacement, after Israel issued a rare evacuation order for the whole community.
Jabal al-Baba, which lies to the east of Jerusalem in the occupied West Bank, is home to more than 300 people.
"Residents are becoming paranoid of the future because it is unknown," Atalah Jahalen, a local community leader, told Al Jazeera on Saturday.
"All their lives, they have lived and built in this area, and now all of it can be destroyed at any moment."
According to Jahalen, Israel's civil administration and police entered Jabal al-Baba on Thursday. They hung a poster in a central location detailing the evacuation decision and displaying a map of the area.
The order informed residents that they had eight days to collect their belongings and leave, or else Israeli authorities would return to force them out.
Israeli officials also scattered copies of the map on the ground and took pictures of it before leaving.
Israel's new strategy
Jabal al-Baba is situated in the heart of Israel's contentious E1 plan, which aims to connect the illegal mega settlement of Maale Adumim to Jerusalem - settlements are considered illegal under international law.
The plan would further isolate occupied East Jerusalem from the rest of the West Bank and sever the Palestinian territory from north to south.
Residents of Jabal al-Baba arrived in the area after being displaced from the Negev during Israel's establishment in 1948.
Since Israel's takeover of the Palestinian territory in 1967, the Israeli government has refused to recognise the community, and has led routine demolition campaigns in the village for years.
The village is located in Area C - which is under total Israeli administrative and military control. Obtaining permission to build in Area C is nearly impossible for Palestinians.
According to Jahalen, 52 of the village's 57 homes have been demolished in the last three years for having been built without Israeli permits. In August, Israeli forces demolished the community's kindergarten.
The residents have no choice but to live in a perpetual cycle of rebuilding homes and structures demolished by Israel.
"In every corner of this village, you will find a demolished house - and a rebuilt house standing next to it" said Jahalen.
But the latest Israeli order is a break from the routine in Jabal al-Baba.
The evacuation order issued on the community is one typically used to evict unauthorised Israeli settler outposts constructed in the occupied West Bank.
Alon Cohen-Lifshitz, a researcher for Israeli NGO Bimkom, told Al Jazeera the recent use of the order on Palestinian communities is aimed at speeding up the expulsion of Palestinian residents.
{articleGUID}
Cohen-Lifshitz said that demolition and stop-work orders that are routinely issued against specific structures in a community had "limited success" for the Israeli government, which found itself stuck in court for years battling appeals and petitions against the orders.
The evacuation order necessitates less legal proceedings than previous demolition orders placed on a community, and allows for Israel to target the entire village, rather than specific homes and structures, Cohen-Lifshitz explained.
Last week, Israel used a similar order as in Jabal al-Baba on two Palestinian villages in the Jordan Valley, prompting Aviv Tatarsky, a researcher for Israeli NGO Ir Amim, to conclude that "this is not a one-time thing or a targeting of a specific area".
"It's a new method Israel has decided to use against Palestinians."
A spokesperson for the Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT), Israel's agency responsible for implementing Israeli policies in the Palestinian territory, told Al Jazeera the order was issued "as part of the enforcement against the illegal construction phenomenon in the area".
'Push Palestinians out'
Tatarsky said that regardless of the evacuation being linked to Israel's plans to expand Maale Adumim, Israel's "bottom line" in Area C is to "push Palestinians towards the Area A and B enclaves", which comprise the remainder 40 percent of the West Bank.
Area A is under the control of the Palestinian Authority and encompasses the majority of Palestinian cities. Area B comprises most Palestinian rural communities and is under Palestinian administrative and joint Palestinian-Israeli security control.
"Israel wants to make the number of Palestinians in Area C as small as it can," said Tatarsky.
Jabal al-Baba, located on the Israeli side of Israel's separation wall, which will surround the village on three sides upon its completion, is a thorn in Israel's development plans in Area C.
"The families here live a simple life," said Jahalen.
"But we have an important role in resisting Israel's forced displacement of Palestinians," he added.
"Our presence here blocks Israel from expanding its settlements into Jerusalem," explained Jahalen, noting that the Bedouin in Area C are the last line of defense against what many activists and rights groups have said is Israel's goal of annexing the entirety of Area C.
After years of fighting Israel's policies, residents of Jabal al-Baba are now facing an uncertain future that could leave them displaced a second time, with no alternative location provided by the Israeli government.
But the community has vowed to stay.
"We will not surrender," said Jahalen.
"If they succeed in evicting us, then they will move on and evict all the other [Palestinian] communities in the area," he added.
A NASA research plane has joined the search for a missing Argentine submarine, as concern is growing over the fate of its 44 crew members.
No contact has been made with the vessel, the ARA San Juan, since Wednesday, prompting authorities to launch a major air and sea search operation.
"We will do what is necessary to find the submarine as soon as possible," President Mauricio Macri said on his Twitter account on Saturday.
The TR-1700 class diesel-electric vessel had been returning from a routine mission to Ushuaia, near the southernmost tip of South America, to its base at Mar del Plata, around 400km south of the capital, Buenos Aires.
Argentina accepted an offer from the United States for a NASA P-3 explorer aircraft, which had been stationed in Ushuaia and was preparing to depart to Antarctica, to make an exploratory flight over the search area.
Rising tension
Al Jazeera's Daniel Schweimler, reporting from Mar Del Plata, said "tension is mounting" with "each hour that goes by".
"The families of those crew members are gathering at the naval base here in Mar Del Plata," said Schweimler, adding that Pope Francis - an Argentine - had said he was praying for the missing crew members.
The German-made ARA San Juan is one of three submarines in the Argentine fleet.
"It is a very old submarine," said Schweimler.
"The Argentines bought it second-hand from its German manufacturers back in 1985. It had a big overhaul in 2008 with the idea of it staying in service for another 30 years."
Egyptian authorities have temporarily opened the Rafah border crossing with the besieged Gaza Strip for the first time since the signing of a power-sharing deal between Palestinian political parties in Cairo last month.
Rafah, the main crossing in Gaza's south, is expected to remain open for three days, starting on Saturday.
Hosam Salem, a Palestinian journalist at the crossing, said about 10 buses had left the Strip by 15:00 GMT, while one bus had entered.
He estimated that about 500 Palestinians had been allowed to leave.
The reasons for travel include medical and humanitarian ones, education purposes and the return of Palestinians stuck outside.
Rafah is the main exit for the two million Palestinians in the Strip to the outside world since Israel imposed an airtight land, sea and air blockade on the area more than a decade ago.
But following President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's rise to power in 2014, Egypt has kept the crossing largely closed.
The last time that Rafah was opened was on August 16 - about three months ago. Over the past year, the crossing has been open for just 14 days in total, according to Salem.
"If the border crossing remains open for two weeks, then maybe there will be less congestion and things will be under control. But if it is open for three days only, then things aren't going to improve much," he said, estimating that more than 20,000 people had applied to leave the Strip two months ago.
"Some people are leaving because they need medical care, others are leaving because they want to continue their studies outside. But there are also whole families that are packing their bags and taking off to go settle somewhere else," he continued, highlighting Gaza's bad economic situation.
Unity agreement
The Palestinian parties' reconcilliation agreement on October 13 saw the transfer of authority over the border crossing from Hamas, the movement that runs the Gaza Strip, to the West Bank-based Palestinian Authority (PA).
Hamas' Ministry of Interior and National Security said in a statement on Saturday that "the relevant teams from the ministry have been present from the hours of the early morning to prepare the buses for travellers".
From then on, the PA's General Authority for Crossings and Borders was responsible for facilitating the travel to the Egyptian side, according to the statement.
Iyad al Buzom, Gaza's interior ministry spokesperson, said Saturday's development is "the start of a new phase of the Rafah crossing" and is hope for keeping the crossing permanently open in the long run, "to end the suffering of people in Gaza".
After a decade of divide, last month's agreement between PA and Hamas gave hope to Palestinians in the besieged Strip that conditions would improve.
Impacted by a suffocating blockade, three Israeli assaults, and punitive measures from the PA aimed at forcing Hamas to cede control, the Strip has been experiencing a downward spiral that has only worsened an already dire humanitarian and economic situation.
The small enclave is one of the most densely-populated areas in the world. It has been aptly described as "the world's largest open-air prison".
About 42 percent of Palestinians in Gaza suffer from poverty, youth unemployment stands at 58 percent and some 80 percent rely on international aid, mainly for food, according to the World Bank.
Nadia Abu Shaaban, a 24-year-old student living in Gaza city, said she is not hopeful that the opening of the crossing would change the situation on the ground.
"I want to leave and continue my studies outside, but we've been through this so many times - where things just remain as bad as they are. It's hopeless," she told Al Jazeera.
"Everyone in Gaza wants to leave, but we're going to wait and see if things actually improve. So far, it seems that the crossing is really congested, and people are jumping over each other to get through. It's a mess."
Despite promises from Palestinian leaders that the unity deal will ease the difficult conditions in Gaza, the substantial effects of reconcilliation remain to be seen.
Srinagar, Indian-administered Kashmir - Six separatists and an Indian air force commando have been killed in a fierce gun battle in Indian-administered Kashmir, according to police.
Security forces on Saturday launched an operation in Hajin village, 40km from the main city of Srinagar, after receiving intelligence information about the presence of separatist fighters in the area.
Shesh Paul Vaid, state police chief, told Al Jazeera that security forces had killed six fighters linked to the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba group.
"The operation is over," Vaid told Al Jazeera. "All the six terrorists killed today were Pakistani," the state police chief told Al Jazeera.
Inspector General of Police Munir Khan confirmed to Al Jazeera that one Indian Air Force commando was killed and another one wounded in the fighting.
As the news of the killings spread, protesting residents chanting anti-India slogans took to the streets in various parts of Kashmir.
In Hajin, police attempted to disperse protesters and prevent them from reaching the site of the gun battle, according to a junior-ranking officer in the area.
Rebel groups have been fighting since 1989 for the Indian-administered portion to become independent or merge with Pakistan.
Nearly 70,000 people have been killed in the uprising and the ensuing Indian military crackdown. India maintains roughly 500,000 soldiers in the territory.
Anti-India sentiment runs deep among Kashmir's mostly Muslim population and most support the rebels' cause against Indian rule despite a decades-long military crackdown to fight the armed rebellion.
India has accused Pakistan of arming and training the rebels, which Pakistan denies.
Earlier on Saturday, thousands of people in Srinagar attended the funeral of separatist fighter Mugees Ahmad Mir, who was killed in a shoot-out with security forces on Friday night.
Many local youth spent the night in the cold outside Mir's house, where his body was kept overnight.
Fearing violent clashes, authorities put volatile areas of Srinagar under curfew and ordered the closure of schools and colleges to prevent protests from spiralling.
Stockholm, Sweden - Hundreds of Eritreans gathered outside the embassy of the east African nation in the Swedish capital Stockholm on Friday to protest against the recent arrest of teachers and the director of an Islamic school.
The arrest of Hajji Musa Mohammednur, president of the board of the Al Diaa Islamic School, and several other teachers triggered a rare protest in the capital Asmara on October 31.
Thousands marched towards the president's office, demanding the release of Mohammednur and the other detainees.
Mohammednur has opposed the government's school nationalisation policy that among other strictures bans the use of hijab, a headscarf worn by many Muslim women who feel it is part of their religion, and religious education in the school based in Asmara. The policy also affects Christian schools.
The arrest of Mohammednur "was the spark which unleashed the people's anger" in Eritrea and among the diaspora, Zein Shawkai, a political dissident who participated in the protest, told Al Jazeera.
The protest marked a first in Eritrea since the country gained independence in 1991 from Ethiopia following a 30-year war. The Eritrean state forbids any associations and gatherings.
The protesters in Stockholm included young and old Eritreans, Muslim and Christian, and a few Syrians who came to express solidarity. They chanted anti-government slogans demanding the removal of Eritrean President Isayas Afowerki: "Down, down Isayas" and "The people want to get rid of the regime".
'Interference in people's personal choices'
They held posters of the imprisoned Mohammednur and various Eritrean prisoners of conscience.
The atmosphere turned from serious to joyous as speeches were mixed with patriotic songs.
Protesters came from across Sweden, and buses were organised to ensure people made it to the rally outside the embassy in the suburb of Lidingo.
Despite the freezing cold, people stood for over three hours under the watchful eyes of the police who were present to ensure no clashes would happen in case government supporters showed up.
Nagash Osman, one of the protest organisers, thinks interfering with people's religious beliefs proved to be the final straw for many in Eritrea and that is what led to the protests.
"They are trying to force their own rules on the people and the educational system," he said.
"In telling people not to wear the cross or the hijab they are interfering in people's personal choices and beliefs."
He added that the diaspora has been staging anti-government protests for the last 25 years, but what is new is increased international attention and the fact that demonstrations actually happened inside the country.
Shawkai explained that international media coverage of Eritrea increased after the United Nations Human Rights Council set up an inquiry commission in June 2014 to investigate rights abuses in Eritrea.
The report concluded that Eritrea committed widespread abuses that could amount to crimes against humanity.
'We do not want to be forgotten'
"We want to keep Eritrea in the news, we don't want to be forgotten again. We want the Eritrean story to stay alive," Shawkai said.
According to Shawkai, the Eritrean regime has stepped up its propaganda and the spreading of fabricated news recently, such as claims that the protests are staged by the Muslim Brotherhood.
It is the sign of an end to all the silence and fear that have haunted our people for decades Semhar Selassie, a protester
"This is false. Muslims and Christians are standing side by side inside and outside Eritrea protesting against the regime. There is no difference between Muslim and Christian Eritreans when it comes to national identity and solidarity," said the event organiser Osman.
After the protest in Asmara, Minister of Information Yemane Gebremeskel, tweeted "Small demonstration by one school in Asmara dispersed without any casualty, hardly breaking news".
Defending basic human rights
On November 4, an opinion piece on the official organs of the Ministry of Information claimed that the demonstrators were "a group of teenagers" chanting "Allahu Akbar".
Many of the people Al Jazeera talked to mentioned the "media blackout" from inside the country.
"Just give us a chance to tell our side of the story," Shawkai said.
Semhar Selassie, 30, a teacher, also stressed the importance of letting non-state-affiliated voices be heard in the coverage of Eritrea.
"What happened is far from having religious or sectarian motives. It is as simple as a school's basic rights being violated and unlike the previous 26 years, people didn't keep silent about a violation of their rights. People stood up to defend their basic human rights and the regime couldn't just digest this fact."
Selassie said that by spreading propaganda, which could divide the people, the government is trying to divert the attention of people from the real issue.
Despite the government crackdown there was a sense of hope within the diverse crowd in Stockholm.
"What happened in Akhria, Asmara, on October 31 is the beginning of what will have to come. It is the sign of an end to all the silence and fear that have haunted our people for decades," she said.
"The Eritrean matter is far from over, actually its active stage is just beginning."
Saudi authorities are striking agreements with some of those held in an alleged anti-corruption crackdown, asking them to hand over assets and cash in return for their freedom, according to sources familiar with the matter.
The deals involve separating cash from assets, such as property and shares, and looking at bank accounts to assess cash values, one of the sources told the Reuters news agency.
Dozens of princes, senior officials and businessmen, including cabinet ministers and billionaires, have been arrested in this month's sweeping crackdown, which is being seen as an attempt to strengthen the power of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Among those arrested was billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the kingdom's most prominent businessmen.
One businessman reportedly had tens of millions of Saudi riyals withdrawn from his account after he signed the deal. In another case, a former senior official consented to hand over ownership of four billion riyals (roughly $1.06bn) worth of shares, the source said.
The Saudi government earlier this week moved from freezing accounts to issuing instructions for "expropriation of unencumbered assets" or seizure of assets, said a second source familiar with the situation.
{articleGUID}
There was no immediate comment from the Saudi government on the deals, and the sources declined to be identified because the agreements are not public.
Analysts say the deals could help to end uncertainty about the crackdown, but they could also have an affect on Saudi Arabia's risk perception among investors.
"Eliminating uncertainty about what the Saudi authorities are going to do goes a long way towards giving the market comfort that the regime is getting its house in order and plugging its deficit," said Louis Gargour, founder and senior portfolio manager at the London-based hedge fund LNG Capital.
Riyadh has been cutting spending while raising taxes and fees to curb a state budget deficit caused by low oil prices. The deficit, which hit $98bn in 2015, is shrinking, but at a high cost to the economy; data in late September showed Saudi Arabia in recession during the second quarter.
The Saudi government has in recent years been pressing wealthy individuals to invest more in the kingdom and bring home some of their wealth from overseas.
Washington monitoring situation
The United States is closely watching the situation in Saudi Arabia, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday.
Asked about agreements to hand over wealth for detainees' freedom, Mnuchin told CNBC: "I think that the Crown Prince [Mohammed bin Salman] is doing a great job at transforming the country."
According to Gargour, "from a civil liberties point of view, obviously incarcerating people doesn't give us comfort, and that's why we've seen spreads on Saudi bonds go 50 basis points or so wider".
Funds started selling Middle East bonds early this month after Saudi Arabia arrested dozens of senior officials and businessmen in an unprecedented crackdown, which the government said was aimed at tackling corruption.
Credit spreads and the cost of insuring debt against default have increased not only for Saudi Arabia and Lebanon, but across the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, which includes Qatar, Kuwait and Abu Dhabi.
{articleGUID}
"From a trading point of view, you want to identify the private companies most impacted and short or sell them, and conversely public sector companies will benefit," Gargour said.
The market value of the portfolio of Saudi equities held by the Public Investment Fund, the kingdom's sovereign wealth fund, has gained, even as the arrest or questioning of more than 200 people in the inquiry caused stocks in many privately controlled firms to slump.
Reuters could not immediately verify a Financial Times report stating that in some cases, the government is seeking to appropriate as much as 70 percent of suspects' wealth to channel hundreds of billions of dollars into depleted state coffers.
Saudi authorities have help from international auditors, investigators and people with experience in tracing assets. Bank representatives are on hand to execute the decisions immediately, one of the sources said.
Hundreds held
Saudi authorities said they have questioned 208 people in an anti-corruption investigation and estimate that at least $100bn has been stolen through fraud, an official said last week, as the inquiry expanded beyond the kingdom's borders into the United Arab Emirates.
Those held include other high-profile businessmen, such as Mohammad al-Amoudi, whose wealth is estimated by Forbes at $10.4bn, with construction, agriculture and energy companies in Sweden, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia; and finance and healthcare magnate Saleh Kamel, whose fortune is estimated at $2.3bn.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is trying to use the purge as a way of boosting his popularity with the Saudi population, said Jason Tuvey, a Middle East economist at Capital Economics.
"But he may have realised that by doing this, he's gone a step too far and ruffled too many feathers, and he is maybe trying to find a way out that means these people don't end up in prison forever and can carry on their business operations as before."
As Israel expanded its control and occupation over four territories in the aftermath of the Six Day War, it devised a system of population control that remains in place five decades later.
After the 1967 war, the Israeli military declared the occupied territories to be closed areas, making it mandatory for Palestinian residents to obtain permits to enter or leave. Palestinians who were abroad during that time missed out on the subsequent population census and were not granted identification papers.
The clear delineator that has separated and dictated the lives of these Palestinians is the colour-coded identification system issued by the Israeli military and reinforced in 1981 through its Civil Administration branch. Palestinians in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip have green IDs - generally issued once they turn 16 - while Palestinians in East Jerusalem and Israel have blue IDs.
The cards affect everything from freedom of movement to family unity.
Tool of control
IDs are still issued by the Israeli military, despite the 1993 arrival of the Palestinian Authority government, noted Tahseen Elayyan, head of monitoring and documentation for the Palestinian rights group Al-Haq.
"When it comes to the West Bank and Gaza Strip IDs, the role that the PA plays is more of a secretarial role, such as printing them out," he told Al Jazeera. "Ultimately, it is the Civil Administration in the Bet Il settlement who decides to issue them, based on whether the Palestinian is included in the population census."
Miriam Marmur, international communications coordinator for the Gisha human rights organisation, said that Israel's control of the Palestinian population registry has been central to its efforts to control movement and demographics in the occupied Palestinian territories.
"Power over Palestinians' residency status is used as a tool of control," she said. "Palestinians must be included in the Palestinian population registry to obtain ID cards and passports."
In the occupied West Bank, Marmur added, Palestinians must have their IDs for internal travel, due to the checkpoints interspersed within the territory.
This system has drawn comparisons to laws in apartheid South Africa designed by whites to control the movement of blacks and mixed-race people and to keep them in inferior positions.
'Separation is the rule'
Freedom of movement for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, especially over the past 25 years, has been heavily restricted between these territories, where separation is "the rule and access is the rare exception", Marmur said.
It is illegal for a Palestinian in the occupied West Bank to travel to Gaza and Jerusalem unless they have a special travel permit from Israel. Likewise, Palestinians in Gaza are forbidden from going to Jerusalem and the West Bank unless the Israeli military issues them a permit.
"Israeli law had different military orders in the West Bank and Gaza Strip," Elayyan said. "Each territory was administered by a different Israeli military commander. The point of that was to maintain the division between the two territories, to make them easier to control."
According to Marmur, Israel has practically stopped processing requests for registration and changes of residency status since the year 2000.
"As a result, many Palestinians have been unable to choose their place of residence, as well as take up opportunities for study and work," she said.
Since that year, which was when the second Intifada broke out, students from Gaza have been forbidden from going to study in the occupied West Bank.
Family unification
These identification cards can also impinge on Palestinians' right to family unification if a husband and wife hold different ID cards.
"Palestinians from Gaza who marry residents of the West Bank cannot move to the West Bank to live with their spouses," Marmur noted.
Furthermore, Palestinian ID-holders who marry those who do not have an ID live with the risk of forced separation. Children can only be registered under one parent, not both.
A poll conducted by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research in 2013 concluded that 31 percent of Gaza residents - more than half a million people - had relatives in the occupied West Bank, East Jerusalem or Israel. Twenty-six percent of Gaza residents had relatives in the occupied West Bank.
The blue Jerusalem IDs
Freedom of movement is not as restricted for Jerusalem residents, who are granted permanent residency in the city but not Israeli citizenship. While they also need permits to go to Gaza, they can travel freely to the occupied West Bank and modern-day Israel.
However, restrictions are manifested in other ways.
"The Israelis act like giving us permanent residency in Jerusalem is a privilege, but it is more cosmetic than anything else," Dalia Nashashibi, a primary school teacher from Jerusalem, told Al Jazeera.
"Yes, we face shorter queues when crossing the Allenby border and yes, we can move from one territory to the other [except Gaza] without a permit, but we still get searched and humiliated at checkpoints," she added. "That's as far as the 'privilege' extends."
Holders of the Jerusalem IDs live under the constant threat of residency revocation. Living outside Jerusalem in the other occupied territories is considered sufficient grounds for Israel to annul a permit.
For financial and family reasons, many Jerusalemites live in the occupied West Bank, but they must maintain a house within Jerusalem's municipality to keep their residency. Israeli authorities regularly conduct random inspections of households in Jerusalem to see whether the blue ID holders actually live there.
These Palestinians must pay a hefty property tax to the municipality - in addition to the national insurance tax - yet they receive few municipal services, with their neighbourhoods severely lacking in infrastructure, health services and educational facilities.
This is all part of Israel's attempts to maintain a 70:30 Jewish-Palestinian ratio, Elayyan said.
"They lessened the number of Palestinians in the population census that were given Jerusalem IDs and added more geographical lands around the city that were used to construct Jewish-only settlements," he said.
The situation is even harder for Jerusalem ID holders who live outside the country, Nashashibi added: "If we do not come back for a visit after more than three years have passed, then our IDs are automatically cancelled. We suffer so much," she added. "The Jerusalem ID has more negatives than positives."
After a long night of debate over finance between developed and developing nations, the Paris Agreement finally made progress towards its implementation in 2020.
The United Nations Climate Change Conference, which concluded on Friday in Bonn, Germany, was all about creating an operating manual for the accord - a means by which governments can enhance their efforts on climate change action, through the so-called Talanoa Dialogue.
Current national pledges to cut carbon emissions equate to a 3 degrees Celcius rise in global temperature, while the Paris Agreement aims for 2C, or preferably closer to 1.5C. Experts say there has already been a 1C rise in temperature since the industrial revolution, and recent hurricanes and wildfires demonstrate the need for urgent action.
Paula Caballero, the global director of the World Resources Institute, said there was a lot of work to do in 2018.
"Next year is the year to really step up climate action," she said. "I think what we have here in Bonn sets us on a good road ahead. There's a lot of homework to do and it's not easy, but I think we're seeing real and decisive action on behalf of governments, cities, states and the private sector."
But there is still the thorny issue of how poorer nations are paid for the damage caused by the emissions of the rich.
Fijian Jenny Jiva from the Pacific Island Action Network welcomed the progress of the Paris Agreement, but said the world is still falling way short of what is required: "It's certainly not enough for the survival of the Pacific. There needs to be increased ambition and a greater responsibility taken by developed countries. They need to keep fossil fuels in the ground and they need to move towards a safe and just transition towards renewable energy."
US pledge
Fossil fuels were a focus inside and outside the negotiating halls in Bonn. There was no coal phase-out from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but the United Kingdom and Canada launched an alliance of 20 nations to wind down coal use.
Members of a delegation sent by the administration of US President Donald Trump to promote fossil fuels were shouted down by dozens of protesters, as a coalition of US states and cities stepped into the void to say: "We're still in the Paris Agreement."
"It doesn't matter how much Donald Trump tweets. He can tweet his fingers off but he cannot stop us. The states are leading on this issue, and we will not be stopped, because the world cannot wait," Washington Governor Jay Inslee said.
Next year, the process moves to Poland, where the world will be expected to increase carbon-cutting ambitions.
In the meantime, French President Emmanuel Macron will host a climate summit in December to try to keep up momentum - but it is a long, slow process getting the world to agree on the finer details of the fight against climate change.
Penicillin, which is used to treat bacterial infections, has seen a global shortage in recent years.
Penicillin is an antibiotic which has long been used to treat bacterial infections, but in recent years there has been a global shortage.
Countries are scrambling to make contingency plans. These are outlined in Al Jazeera's report: Why is the world suffering from a penicillin shortage?
These infographics explore the reasons behind the shortage and its effect on the treatment of two medical conditions - syphilis and rheumatic heart disease.
Why is there a shortage of penicillin?
In 1928, Scottish scientist Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin by accident. In the following years, it revolutionised medicine by preventing minor infections from becoming fatal.
Over time, and after repeated exposure to penicillin, bacteria can develop resistance to the drug. This means it stops working. New antibiotics are needed to replace penicillin, but few are being developed. This is because research and development costs greatly surpass the profit generated by them. It is estimated that for each new pharmaceutical company entering the antibiotic development field, three exit. Those withdrawing are mostly major companies.
Why are bacteria becoming resistant to drugs?
Unless the full course of an antibiotic - either penicillin or another - is taken, there is a risk bacteria can become resistant to the drugs. This means they no longer work. Other antibiotics can be tried, but this can be expensive - making it much harder to treat a condition.
Rheumatic fever is an inflammatory disease. If treated with the wrong antibiotics, it can result in the development of rheumatic heart disease. This claims up to 300,000 deaths annually, worldwide.
How is penicillin linked to the rise of syphilis?
Syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease that can cause serious health problems. In the mid-1990s, the mass production of penicillin resulted in a decline in syphilis. But in recent years, it has returned. Today, 60 percent of syphilis cases are found among gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men.
Genetic mutation of the syphilis bacteria and the use of substitute drugs has made syphilis increasingly resistant to antibiotics.
Source: Al Jazeera
Smog in and around the cities of Lahore and New Delhi has reached new stretch over the past few days.
The recent burning of crops in northern India, combined with fog, dust and air pollution from vehicles and factories, has resulted in a thick layer of smog covering several cities in India and Pakistan.
It's one of the worst cases of air pollution in India and New Delhi has declared a public health emergency, closing down schools and offices.
The following graphic shows satellite imagery of the smog in contrast with the aerosol optical thickness (AOD) in the affected areas, which reflects the amount of pollutants available in the air.
The ministers and princes feeling the heat as part of purported anti-corruption drive by the kingdom's heir apparent.
Saudi Arabia has dismissed a number of senior ministers and detained nearly a dozen princes as part of a purported investigation by a new anti-corruption committee.
Heir apparent Mohammed bin Salman's most ambitious move came late on Saturday when he fired senior ministers and had dozens of the country's richest men detained, ostensibly on the grounds of combating corruption.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the world's wealthiest businessmen who owns investment firm Kingdom Holding, was among those held.
The senior ministers who were sacked include Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, the head of the National Guard, and Adel Faqih, the economy minister.
Waleed al-Ibrahim, chairman of the Middle East Broadcasting Center (MBC), one of the region's largest media companies, and construction magnate Bakr Binladin of the Saudi Binladin group were among those detained.
Meanwhile, confusion surrounds the whereabouts of Mohammed bin Salman's predecessor as crown prince, Mohammed bin Nayef, who has not been seen publicly since June and is rumoured to be under house arrest.
Al Jazeera takes a look at the Saudis caught up in the crackdown and the net worth of each detained individual.
Source: Al Jazeera
A man walks past a car moved by the force of floodwaters and a damaged house in the town of Mandra, in western Athens. Greek officials said that rescue crews were searching for six people reported missing in the area after major flash flooding that left at least 14 people dead. [Petros Giannakouris/AP Photo]
During the Great Depression that started from 1929, the US government decided to launch a project to portray the country's reality.
The project, the largest government-sponsored photography project, involved sending photographers across the country to document social problems in the US.
More than 150,000 photos were captured by photographers such as Dorothea Lange, Arthur Rothstein, Ben Shahn, Jack Delano, Gordon Parks, John Collier, Carl Mydans, Walker Evans and Marion Post Wolcott.
Roy Stryker, the director of the Farm Security Administration (FSA) documentary photograph programme, was the editor who was responsible for this project.
Stryker was considered by many a ruthless photo editor who used to hole-punch images that he considered were not good enough or unnecessary.
The decision to discard images was quick and troublesome for many.
"Roy was a little bit dictatorial in his editing and he ruined quite a number of my pictures, which he stopped doing later. He used to punch a hole through a negative. Some of them were incredibly valuable," photographer Ben Shahn has been quoted saying.
As part of his working method, Stryker ensured the photographers were briefed well on their assigned areas before being sent out.
He also made sure that other publications had access to the material. This was a way of bringing public attention to the plight of the rural areas among other social issues.
This also helped the photographers set up their careers in the market.
Overall, from 164,000 developed negatives, around 77,000 prints were made for the press.
During World War II, the FSA was reassigned to the Office of War, but it was disbanded shortly afterwards, the holdings of the FSA's photographic unit were transferred to the Library of the Congress.
Thousands of homeless Iranians huddled against the cold late on Monday, a day after more than 450 people were killed in Iran's deadliest earthquake in more than a decade.
Rescue teams kept up search operations for dozens trapped beneath the rubble of collapsed houses in towns and villages in the mountainous area of the western province of Kermanshah that borders Iraq.
Iran's English-language Press TV said more 7,000 were injured when the magnitude 7.3 earthquake jolted the country on Sunday. Local officials expected the death toll to climb as search and rescue teams reached remote areas of Iran.
The quake was felt in several provinces of Iran but the hardest hit province was Kermanshah. More than 300 of the victims were in Sarpol-e Zahab county in that province, about 15km from the Iraq border.
Iran sits astride major fault lines and is prone to frequent tremors. A magnitude 6.6 quake on December 26, 2003, devastated the historic city of Bam, 1,000km southeast of Tehran, killing about 31,000 people.
Human Rights Watch has released a report accusing Myanmar's army of further abuses against civilians. It says there has been systemic rape and sexual violence against Rohingya women and girls in Rakhine state.
The report accuses Myanmar's security forces of raping them as part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing over the last three months.
Al Jazeera's Scott Heidler reports from the capital Naypyidaw.
Myanmar's security forces committed "widespread rape" against Rohingya women and girls as part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing in the country's Rakhine State, Human Rights Watch (HRW) has said in a report.
A 15-year-old Rohingya girl told HRW that soldiers stripped her naked and dragged her from her home to a nearby tree where about 10 men raped her.
{articleGUID}
"They left me where I was. When my brother and sister came to get me, I was lying there on the ground, they thought I was dead," said the girl from Hathi Para village in Maungdaw district.
She was one of the 52 female refugees that the New York-based rights body interviewed for the report that was published on Thursday.
Myanmar's army had earlier released a report denying all allegations of rape and killings by security forces which was termed "absurd" by a human rights group.
More than 600,000 majority-Muslim Rohingya have been forced to seek shelter in neighbouring Bangladesh and their homes and properties have been destroyed in arson attacks since August 25. Hundreds of them have also been killed by Myanmar soldiers and Buddhist mobs.
The report also quoted many rape survivors reporting "days of agony walking with swollen and torn genitals while fleeing to Bangladesh".
Sexual violence perpetrated by army
{articleGUID}
Pramila Patten, the UN special envoy on sexual violence in conflict, said sexual violence was "being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar".
Survivors and witnesses also told Al Jazeera accounts of women and girls being raped then locked inside houses that were torched.
They have recounted stories of torture, mutilations, being stripped naked and other atrocities and acts of humiliation.
"Rape has been a prominent and devastating feature of the Burmese military's campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya," said Skye Wheeler, women's rights emergencies researcher at Human Rights Watch and author of the report.
"The Burmese military's barbaric acts of violence have left countless women and girls brutally harmed and traumatised."
A statement by the UN migration agency IOM said its doctors had treated dozens of women who experienced "violent sexual assault" since August but said such numbers likely represent only a "small portion" of actual cases.
Such "egregious violence and abuse is underreported" even in a more stable situation, the agency said.
'Ongoing genocide'
The HRW report said soldiers raped women and girls both during major attacks on villages and in the weeks prior to the attacks, after repeatedly harassing the Rohingya women and children.
In every case described in the report, the rapists were uniformed members of Myanmar's security forces. In six cases of "mass rape", survivors told HRW that soldiers gathered Rohingya women and girls into groups and then gang-raped or raped them.
Many of those interviewed described soldiers bashing the heads of their young children against trees, throwing children and elderly parents into burning houses, and shooting their husbands.
Two sisters who spoke to Al Jazeera said they were raped by Myanmar soldiers.
"The military tortured us," said 25-year-old Minara, who gave only one name. "They murdered our parents. They took us to the jungle. They pushed us down on the ground."
Her sister Aziza, 22, said she was raped by two men and became unconscious.
The two sisters were rescued by other refugees who helped them cross a river into Bangladesh.
HRW has requested the UN to "impose bilateral arms embargoes on Burma, and create and implement sanctions regimes - including travel bans, asset freezes, and restrictions on access to financial institutions".
Activists have said the international community needs to do more to stop Myanmar military from orchestrating "genocide" against Rohingya - one of the most persecuted communities in the world.
The US' top diplomat decries Rohingya suffering but stops short of calling it ethnic cleansing or demanding sanctions.
Depending on who you ask, the Rohingya people in Myanmar are facing ethnic cleansing, genocide, or simply a complicated situation.
Myanmar's government has exonerated itself and says accusations against the military are completely false. Many people across the world disagree.
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau calls the plight of the Rohingya a "tremendous concern".
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has also visited Myanmar and denounced "horrific" violence.
What now for the persecuted minority?
Presenter: Mohammed Jamjoom
Guests:
Matthew Smith - Fortify Rights campaign group
Phil Robertson - Human Rights Watch
Simon Billenness - International Campaign for the Rohingya
Source: Al Jazeera News
Activists have called for stronger action to stop the "ongoing genocide" against the majority-Muslim Rohingya ethnic group after US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he was against "broad-based economic sanctions" against Myanmar.
At a joint press conference with Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi in the capital Naypyitaw on Wednesday, Tillerson said he favoured individual sanctions against military officials based on "credible and reliable information" of their involvement in atrocities.
Responding to Tillerson's call for an independent investigation, Tun Khin - president of Burmese Rohingya Organisation based in the UK - asked how such an investigation would be carried out when the military is refusing to allow a fact-finding mission on the ground.
"Rohingya people are facing genocide in the 21st century. This is the time to act. What the US and the international community is doing is not enough," said Tun Khin.
According to a report published on Tuesday by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and Fortify Rights, there is "mounting evidence" of genocide against the Rohingya in Myanmar.
"These crimes thrive on impunity and inaction," said Matthew Smith, chief executive officer of Fortify Rights in a statement. "Condemnations aren't enough. Without urgent international action towards accountability, more mass killings are likely."
Tun Khin called for targeted sanctions against Myanmar's military, which has driven out about 600,000 Rohingya from western Rakhine State into neighbouring Bangladesh since August.
"Every day Rohingyas are being killed and their houses burnt. It's two-and-a-half months since the military offensive began and still atrocities are continuing," he said.
"We demand that Myanmar be referred to the ICC [the International Criminal Court] and the UN peace-keeping force be deployed to protect the lives of Rohingya. We also need a UN-mandated global arms embargo on the country."
{articleGUID}
Human rights activists have also lambasted a report by Myanmar's army that said no Rohingya civilians were killed in the military crackdown launched in the wake of deadly attacks on soldiers by an armed Rohingya group.
Ro Nay San Lwin, a Rohingya activist based in Germany, said the army will never admit its crimes against the Rohingya - which troops have been committing for the past 39 years.
"They have committed many crimes against other minorities as well such as Karen, Kachin and Shan," said Ro Nay San Lwin.
Myanmar's army has transferred Major-General Maung Maung Soe, who was behind the crackdown against the Rohingya, to another post.
But Ro Nay San Lwin said this was just a "public relations exercise".
"This was done to show that they [the military] are taking actions ahead of Tillerson's visit."
Despite promises of compensation and housing, displaced survivors of mudslides in Sierra Leone say they have yet to receive the help as the government moves to shutter camps for those whose homes were destroyed.
Camps for survivors of Sierra Leone's mudslide that killed hundreds in August are being shut down, leaving many with nowhere to go.
The government wants to move the homeless to 1,000 new homes it is building, but construction is far from complete.
Government authorities say that no one will be forced to leave the camps without compensation and housing, but many victims are beginning to question whether they will receive what they were promised.
Al Jazeera's Nina Devries reports from Freetown, Sierra Leone.
One of the world's rarest big cats has been downgraded on the international list of threatened species.
The snow leopard is now classed as merely vulnerable, not endangered.
But the animals are still very hard to find and the Snow Leopard Trust believes that downgrading the cat was a premature move.
Their numbers are still in decline and being vulnerable still means that they are threatened.
Al Jazeera's Robin Forestier Walker reports from Sary-chat Ertash nature reserve.
Aid has started to trickle into Yemen almost two weeks after the Saudi-led coalition closed land, air and sea borders.
Vital supplies are being allowed into ports in government-controlled areas. While the blockade was designed to choke the alleged flow of weapons to Houthi rebels from Iran, it has made life difficult for millions of Yemenis as it cut off basic needs and assistance.
But the United Nations says only a complete lifting of the blockade will stop what could be the worst famine in decades.
Although "liberal ports" have been opened, there is still no flow of aid to the airport in the capital Sanaa and the port of Hodeidah through which a bulk of all aid was delivered.
Al Jazeera's Mereana Hond reports.
New York's financial district houses some of the city's most famous structures.
But a group of architects is injecting some artistic flare into a downtown square.
Al Jazeera's Kristen Saloomey reports from New York.
Doctors have given the Syrian government a list of 452 patients that need to be evacuated, but nine have already died while the UN waits for approval from the Syrian government.
Around 400,000 Syrians living in the Damascus suburb of Ghouta have been besieged by government forces for the past four years.
The UN estimates that only 10 percent of the necessary humanitarian aid is reaching the area that sided with opposition fighters and doctors have been forced to re-use medical tools intended for only a single use.
Doctors there say many "100 percent" preventable deaths will occur if patients are not immediately evacuated.
Al Jazeera's Osama Bin Javaid reports from Gaziantep, near Turkey-Syria border.
On Sunday, a group of student leaders elected four years ago promising reform, will face re-election as Chile goes to the polls.
Chileans will select new leaders in a general election on Sunday, including a new president.
But many say they have lost trust in politicians after a series of corruption scandals.
Four years ago, a group of former student leaders ran for Congress, vowing to improve politics. Now, some are pleading for more time to make the changes that they promised.
Al Jazeera's Lucia Newman reports from Santiago.
Despite promises of compensation and housing, displaced survivors of mudslides in Sierra Leone say they have yet to receive the help as the government moves to shutter camps for those whose homes were destroyed.
Camps for survivors of Sierra Leone's mudslide that killed hundreds in August are being shut down, leaving many with nowhere to go.
The government wants to move the homeless to 1,000 new homes it is building, but construction is far from complete.
Government authorities say that no one will be forced to leave the camps without compensation and housing, but many victims are beginning to question whether they will receive what they were promised.
Al Jazeera's Nina Devries reports from Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Despite Donald Trump's opposition, world leaders in Bonn have agreed to continue forward with the Paris Agreement on climate change, but activists were disappointed that greater action was not taken.
UN climate talks in the German city of Bonn have ended with nearly 200 nations agreeing to keep the Paris Agreement on track, despite the US withdrawal.
And to make sure they keep their commitment, delegates agreed to start a process to review and ramp up their efforts to cut carbon, but activists worry that it still is not enough.
Al Jazeera's Nick Clark reports from Bonn, Germany.
We talk to US Congressman Ro Khanna about power politics and debate Mohammed bin Salman's new strategy for the Kingdom.
In this UpFront special, we ask US Congressman Ro Khanna why he believes the US government should stop supporting the Saudi-led bombing of Yemen.
Also on the show, we debate with a panel of experts the rights and wrongs of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's domestic and regional policies.
Headliner: Is the US complicit in Saudi war crimes in Yemen?
This week the US House of Representatives voted 366-30 in favour of a non-binding resolution stating that Congress has not enacted legislation authorising the US military to participate in the war in Yemen.
According to the United Nations, more than 10,000 people have been killed since the conflict began in 2015.
US Congressman (Democratic Party) Ro Khanna believes this will put pressure on the government of Saudi Arabia, who has led the offensive and imposed a blockade that's also preventing much-needed aid from getting into the country.
"That's going to make a difference. That can at least save lives," says Khanna, who co-sponsored the resolution. "Today, I believe that we are aiding Saudi Arabia in Saudi Arabia's committing war crimes."
In this week's Headliner, we speak with US Congressman Ro Khanna about US involvement in the war in Yemen, his opinion of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's actions and their regional impact.
Arena: Saudi Arabia, Iran, Yemen, Lebanon - what's next?
It's been called Saudi Arabia's Game of Thrones. Under the leadership of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has arrested dozens of top officials in what the crown prince is calling a crackdown on corruption. His government has allegedly detained both the president of Yemen, Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, and Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri. So, what's behind Mohammed bin Salman's latest power plays in the region and the domestic shakeup?
Rami Khouri, a political columnist and author believes the crown prince's actions are dangerous.
"The real problem in Saudi Arabia right now that I see…is that Mohammed bin Salman now is bringing in the third wave of Arab autocratic, authoritarian rule," says Khouri, who is also a senior fellow at the American University of Beirut.
"What he's doing is almost unprecedented, and it's very dangerous, and it's, I think, for the region, it's going to be a problem."
Shireen Hunter, a research professor at Georgetown University in Washington, DC, says Saudi Arabia has been problematic in the region.
"The Saudis are the greatest sponsor of terrorism, and they have been. Saudi ideology has destroyed the Muslim world," says Hunter who is also the author of Iran's Foreign Policy in the Post-Soviet Era.
Fahad Nazer, a consultant with the embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, DC, says the Kingdom's strategy has been very consistent, and he places blame on Iran for instability in the region.
"I think that it [Saudi Arabia] has adhered very closely to the laws, norms, and conventions of international relations," says Nazer, who is also an international fellow at the national council on US-Arab Relations.
"I think that Saudi Arabia feels that it is more than about time that the international community starts paying much closer attention and starts to hold Iran, specifically, as the main state sponsor of terrorism in the region, and in the world."
In this week's Arena, Rami Khouri, Shireen Hunter and Fahad Nazer debate Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's strategy, the proxy war in Lebanon, and Iran's role in the latest Middle East crises.
Follow UpFront on Twitter @AJUpFront and Facebook.
Source: Al Jazeera
We live in an age of rapid technological advances where artificial intelligence (AI) is a reality, not a science fiction fantasy.
Every day we rely on algorithms to communicate, do our banking online, book a holiday - even introduce us to potential partners.
Driverless cars and robots may be the headline makers, but AI is being used for everything from diagnosing illnesses to helping police predict crime hot spots.
As machines become more advanced, how does society keep pace when deciding the ethics and regulations governing technology?
Al Jazeera talks to Stephen Roberts, professor of Machine Learning at the University of Oxford, United Kingdom, on the role machine learning plays in our lives today - and in the future.
"We're certainly nowhere near that particular point where there are going to be swarms of armies of robots that are taking over the world," he says.
"We have to remember that automation and autonomy are something that is very deeply embedded within our world already. Whether it's from algorithms that are trading on global financial markets, to smart algorithms that are scanning our emails ... predictive text on our mobile phones is another such intelligent algorithm. So I think these kind of things we're very familiar with but we're not afraid of."
One question that's raised by the increase in applications of machine learning is who's to blame when an algorithm fails.
"It becomes almost bizarre philosophical commentary but as a society we need to address these questions head-on ... What happens if a robot surgeon gets something wrong? Who is to blame? The hospital? The designers of the robot? The people who created the algorithm? ... I think as a society this takes us into very new territory," professor Roberts says.
And there are more nuanced risks to our increased reliance on machine learning. For instance, by perpetuating and amplifying biases that are already present in our society.
"I think much of the bias goes back to the data which the algorithms often are fed ... If we take the word scientist ... most of the pictures we see will be of dead white men. The world is much bigger than white men and yet an algorithm doesn't necessarily have the sensitivity to understand that it is looking at a very biased collection of pictures," professor Roberts explains.
"We obviously are going to have to work very hard in order to try and produce unbiased algorithms which take these sensitivities into account."
Source: Al Jazeera
As the oil-rich country fails to pay its debt, we examine what happens next and what it means for its people.
Oil-rich Venezuela has always paid its debts - even at the expense of its citizens.
But this week, everything changed: Venezuela is now officially in default, which means it's officially bankrupt.
Rating agency Standard & Poor's declared the nation in 'selective default' on Monday after it failed to make $200m in repayments for global bonds due in October.
As more payments are due, Venezuela is facing what could be a messy financial unravelling. And that's not a good situation for its starving population as state assets may have to be sold off to pay credit holders.
President Nicolas Maduro is acutely aware that he is running out of money, and he wants to restructure the billions owed to China, Russia and oil service providers.
One of the key hurdles for the [Venezuela] restructuring is US financial sanctions which prevent US investors from participating in any restructuring or refinancing deal. Edward Glossop, emerging markets economist, Capital Economics
Russia has already agreed to restructure $3bn worth of debt held by Moscow. But US sanctions mean that other credit holders can't even be in the same room as those negotiating the restructuring. And it's not clear what's going to happen next.
"Where we go from here is anyone's guess," explains Edward Glossop, an emerging markets economist at Capital Economics in London. Venezuela's debt "restructure talks look doomed to fail and it's only a matter of time before the government and state-owned oil company outright defaults on its external debt."
"One of the key hurdles for the restructuring is US financial sanctions which prevent US investors from participating in any restructuring or refinancing deal ... and that's why we think the restructuring and refinancing is likely to fail in the current environment," says Glossop.
Also on this episode of Counting the Cost:
Zimbabwe's broken economy: Zimbabwe's army seized control of the country on Tuesday night, claiming it was removing "criminals" around Robert Mugabe, and held the president and his family under house arrest. But can the military intervention really bring change for the country's ailing economy?
The price of Bitcoin jumped as much as 10 percent on Zimbabwe's Golix exchange on Wednesday after the country's army seized power. Zimbabweans, just like Venezuelans, are buying things they think might retain value.
Alisa Strobel, a senior economist at IHS Markit from Cape Town, offers her take.
Lebanon's economic squeeze: Caught in the middle of a bitter Saudi-Iran rivalry, worries are growing about the outlook for the Lebanese economy. Growth has slowed to just over two percent a year from an average of eight percent before the war in Syria. But regional rivalries between Saudi Arabia and Iran have raised fears of a Qatar-style blockade.
The recent resignation of Prime Minister Saad Hariri in Riyadh under mysterious circumstances has not been resolved. Just before he quit, the government had managed to pass a budget after years of political stalemate.
Sami Atallah, the director of the Lebanese Center For Policy Studies in Beirut assesses why this matters for the region.
Digital pills: It's been called the world's first digital medicine, and analysts say it could open up a new frontier in the Internet of Things. The US Food and Drug Administration just approved a digital pill. Basically, it's a sensor the size of a grain of sand. Once swallowed, it will send data to a smartphone app when patients have taken their medication. Kristen Saloomey reports from New York.
Lab meat: Research shows that the global meat industry produces more greenhouse gas emissions than all cars, planes, trains and ships combined. But scientists in the Netherlands say they are close to bringing laboratory-grown meat to the market. This could slice emissions and save energy, reports Fleur Launspach from Amsterdam.
Source: Al Jazeera

