Headsets are hands-down the best way to watch VR stories. You can see the latest from CNNVR on the Samsung VR app , the Oculus Video app on Rift , or on the CNNVR app on Google Daydream . Just look left or right to explore the 360 world around you. Believe us, you need to try this.(CNN) Grace Mugabe had the world at her feet, a national airline at her disposal for shopping jaunts around the world, where she stayed at luxury hotels without a care for the staggering cost. Her husband Robert Mugabe was president, and she was inching ever closer to assuming the reins of power once the 93-year-old was ready to relinquish them.Now her fate is in the hands of her political opponents and her whereabouts unknown, and her husband remains under house arrest at the presidential palace in Harare. He was allowed a brief moment to emerge into public view Friday, attending a graduation ceremony in the capital.A woman on the verge so close to having her political desires fulfilled, Grace Mugabe's future is now in turmoil.Her woes are reminiscent of another first lady who had also nursed presidential ambitions: Isabel Peron, the third wife of Argentinian strongman Juan Peron, who was 35 years her senior.Like Isabel Peron, Grace Mugabe worked to fill the shoes of a beloved and deceased presidential spouse before her. Sally Mugabe, who died of kidney failure in 1992, was remembered for fighting alongside her husband against white rule in Zimbabwe, at one point spending six weeks in prison herself"I'm old enough to remember the death of Juan Peron in Argentina, and it's the closest parallel that I can think of," says Geoff Hill, author of "What Happens After Mugabe."Peron's second wife, the charismatic Eva, or Evita, cast a shadow over Isabel Peron's leadership aspirations, but Isabel managed to become vice president to her husband and ruled after his death for nearly two years. She was investigated for corruption and embezzlement, and calls for impeachment grew louder until she was deposed and arrested by the military. She was kept under house arrest and eventually cast into exile in Spain.Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe (L) with his wife Grace Mugabe at a youth rally on June 2, 2017.Zimbabwe's military weren't going to wait that long before moving on Grace Mugabe."It became clear as Bob became more frail that they were getting into an end game that had to be sorted out internally," Hill says. Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa was the last obstacle standing in Grace Mugabe's way to take over."When Mugabe fired Mnangagwa , and fired him from the [political Zanu-PF] party, it became quite clear there would be a coup," he says. "That was Emersson essentially stepping in to stop Grace from taking the top job."'Give me the job and I will do it very well'"Grace Mugabe clearly wanted more power," wrote Chipo Dendere, a postdoctoral fellow at Amherst College in the Washington Post. "In the last months, she suggested that the Zanu-PF constitution should be amended to mandate that one of the two vice presidents be a woman."Dendere pointed to a speech on November 5, when Grace Mugabe told a rally that she was ready to take over from her husband . "So I have said to the president: You can also leave me in charge. Give me the job and I will do it very well because I am good. I can do a great job."She said the First Lady has several thousand supporters, especially among women, who think she is "daring and hard working." They argue, writes Dendere, "that these traits intimidate men in politics who resort to sexual attacks."Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe (C), flanked by his wife Grace Mugabe (L) and daughter Bona (R), blows out the candles on a cake celebrating his 92nd birthday.She took over the party's youth and women's leagues and spent the following years angling for a cabinet position, campaigning against incumbents and succeeding in eliminating prospective rivals, including in 2014, then vice-president Joice Mujuru and seven government ministers.Luxury in exile?Grace Mugabe's affair with the president while his first wife was in treatment for cancer, the children they had together who went to school with backpacks stitched with the name 'Mugabe' on them -- an open secret at the time -- made her deeply unpopular with Zimbabweans, said Hill.Coupled with her profligate spending, "splurging on shopping trips, paying no customs duties when bringing her goods back, sometimes hijacking, taking over the whole plane of the national airline, saying 'I'm taking it shopping,' and the passengers standing at the airport because the president's wife decided to take the plane for the day. When people are hungry and don't have running water, this is quite a big thing."JUST WATCHED Robert Mugabe: What you need to know Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Robert Mugabe: What you need to know 01:40They may not find a warm welcome, Hill says, in Botswana, Malawi, or South Africa, which is home to millions of anti-Mugabe Zimbabweans, and where Grace Mugabe faces legal woes for an alleged assaultHill believes Namibia is one option. "It has all the same shops and virtually the same currency as South Africa, a pretty good climate, he'd be pretty comfortable," he said. If the family were allowed to stay in Zimbabwe, they would probably be permitted to live in Mugabe's home district of Zvimba, a rural area where the president has a multi-million dollar residence"That's where his chief lives, that's where he grew up, he would be out of circulation and he could probably live quite easily and he'd be out of public focus and very quickly forgotten," Hill told CNN.But there was one drawback, he noted."There's no Tiffany's in Zvimba," he said. "I don't think Grace will be particularly happy."Story highlights In recent years Zimbabwe has been gripped by poverty, drought and an economy in the gutterFeelings about President Mugabe -- the "old man" -- are more ambivalent these days than beforeHarare, Zimbabwe (CNN) The capital may be where Zimbabwe's political drama is playing out, but beyond the city limits, communities of traditional Mugabe supporters are coming to terms with its implications.CNN traveled to rural areas just outside Harare, areas that were previously strongholds of Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF, the ruling party born out of the struggle for liberation from white rule in the 1970s.Because of its connection to the country's liberation, the party's ideology is deeply ingrained in many people's heads and hearts. Through the decades, voters mainly in rural areas have bought in to the ruling party's vision, mostly sold to them as a Zimbabwe for all, with education and land rights at the fore. But for years ZANU-PF has been notorious for cracking down on -- and defeating -- any real opposition to maintain Mugabe's grip on power.Domboshawa, a village on the outskirts of Harare.Most people we spoke to accepted the army takeover that has almost -- but not quite yet -- put an end to the 37-year rule of President Mugabe. Some even said it might be an opportunity for a new start.The atmosphere was not one of jubilation -- more resigned acceptance. Mugabe was once a liberation hero, but in recent years the country has been gripped by poverty, drought and an economy in the gutter . Feelings about the "old man" are more ambivalent these days.Read MoreHarare, Zimbabwe (CNN) Thousands of Zimbabweans took to the streets of Harare on Saturday to demand the resignation of President Robert Mugabe, in what could spell the political end for the 93-year-old leader who has ruled the country for nearly four decades.Waving placards with slogans like "Mugabe Must Rest Now" and "No to Mugabe Dynasty," the atmosphere on the streets of the south African nation's capital was electric, just days after the army put Mugabe under house arrest and detained some of his key political allies.People waved Zimbabwean flags while others ran alongside army tanks and hugged soldiers to show their gratitude. CNN did not see any police at the protest, which was originally called by the country's influential association of army veterans."The whole nation is celebrating today. We are finally getting rid of the old man," said Tanashe, a Harare resident who declined to provide a second name.Mugabe's power appears to have finally been brought to check not by the opposition, but by the military and members of his own party, concerned about his apparent plans to have his wife Grace, 52, succeed him.An army spokesman, speaking with demonstrators near the end of Saturday's rally, even cast Robert Mugabe as a foe to his own country."Yes, we are in uniform, but understand that all we are doing is simply dealing with the enemy of Zimbabwe," Gen. S.B. Noyo told remnants of the crowd in Harare, as he stood near a tank.But Mugabe was still refusing to step down, an official with direct knowledge of the ongoing negotiations between the President and the military told CNN.Mugabe was meeting with army chief Gen. Constantino Chiwenga to discuss what happens next, the source told CNN. Chiwenga is pushing for Mugabe to step down and an interim president to take over, the source said.The central committee of Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF Party will meet Sunday morning to consider a vote of confidence in Mugabe as a party leader, a senior Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association member who asked not to be identified told CNN.In December, a conference of the party will take place. It's assumed that former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa will then become leader of the party and President of the country until elections next year, the source said.ZANU-PF called for Mugabe to resign on Friday, the main state newspaper The Herald reported. It said party branches in all 10 provinces were also calling for the resignation of Grace Mugabe as the women's league leader.Zimbabwe's Indigenization Minister Patrick Zhuwao, who is also Mugabe's nephew, criticized what he described as the "military siege" underway in the country."At the moment Zimbabwe is under military siege and it means nobody is able to express what they want freely. They are acting under coercion. Zimbabwe is currently undergoing a coup and people are trying to sugar coat it," he told CNN over the phone from South Africa.He added: "Mugabe is willing to die for his principles. He is willing to die to protect the constitution."VP's firing sparked chain reactionNicknamed "Ngwena" (The Crocodile) because of his ruthlessness, Emmerson Mnangagwa has held various senior posts in the country's defence and internal security apparatus.The trigger for what is to all intents and purposes a coup came 10 days ago when Mugabe fired Mnangagwa, a former ally with strong connections and the support of the military who was widely tipped to become the country's next leader.The timing, ahead of next year's presidential vote, fueled speculation that Mugabe was clearing the path for his wife to take over in the event of his retirement or death.On Wednesday, a military spokesman announced on state television that the army had launched an operation to target "criminals" close to the President who were causing "social and economic suffering." Mugabe was confined to his multimillion dollar "Blue Roof" mansion.Mugabe holds talks with army officials and others on Thursday.Mugabe was photographed Thursday in talks with Gen. Chiwenga and other officials at the official State House. Grace Mugabe has not been seen in public since the military intervention.On Friday, Mugabe emerged from house arrest to attend a university graduation ceremony in Harare, in a staged public appearance that belied the reality that he is no longer in control.His appearance was apparently designed to convey a business-as-usual atmosphere -- the generals pulling the strings in Harare are desperate not to give the impression they are orchestrating an unconstitutional coup.CNN has learned that Mnangagwa was instrumental in plans to seize control from Mugabe, one of Africa's longest serving heads of state."This takeover was planned a long time ago by Emmerson Mnangagwa and secret discussions did take place with opposition about a succession plan including forcing out Mugabe," a senior opposition leader with direct knowledge of the talks told CNN.Opposition leaders have welcomed the developments.Foreign powers urge restraintA soldier greets protesters in Harare on Saturday.An opposition lawmaker called Saturday's marches a "real turning point.""The atmosphere was one of unity and joy. All peaceful an orderly," said Eddie Cross, a parliament member with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC-T). "It is a real turning point for all of us."In an earlier statement calling on his supporters to join the demonstration, prominent MDC-T politician Douglas Mwonzora said: "While we may have fought and quarreled yesterday, today we are united by what is good for our country.""We demand that President Mugabe resigns. But we have to think of tomorrow. The MDC-T demands a mechanism to ensure that the current economic meltdown is redressed. We must bring an end to all the poverty and misery that our people have been consigned to."The atmosphere in Harare is electric. Zimbabweans of all races, colours and tribes are congregated to bid the dictator farewell. Soldiers shaking hands with civilians. Am I dreaming? @Wamagaisa @ProfJNMoyo @nelsonchamisa #thisflag — Douglas Mwonzora (@DMwonzora) November 18, 2017Hundreds of people staged a peaceful protest Saturday outside the State House, the official residence of Mugabe, and there was talk in Zimbabwe of a march to Blue Roof.Speaking to CNN, Mugabe's nephew Zhuwao said he feared for the safety of members of the Generation 40 faction of the ZANU-PF party that have remained loyal to the Mugabes."I don't even know if they are still alive," he said. "This is a coup. The president and first lady are not safe. They are captives."Foreign powers have called on the military to show restraint in the upheaval, but have largely supported its actions so far.US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson described the situation in Zimbabwe as an opportunity for the country."Zimbabwe has an opportunity to set itself on a new path, one that must include democratic elections and respect for human rights," he said Friday at an event in Washington, calling for a quick return to civilian rule.Story highlights Brothers Malcolm and Angus Young co-founded AC/DC in 1975 in AustraliaThe family has asked for donations to the Salvation Army in lieu of flowers(CNN) AC/DC co-founder and guitarist Malcolm Young has died after battling dementia for several years, the band announced Saturday. He was 64.Young died at home with his family at this bedside, the band said in a statementYoung, along with his brother Angus, founded the legendary rock band in 1975 in Australia."Renowned for his musical prowess Malcolm was a songwriter, guitarist, performer, producer and visionary who inspired many," the statement said. "From the outset, he knew what he wanted to achieve and, along with his younger brother, took to the world stage giving their all at every show. Nothing less would do for their fans."Young played rhythm guitar to Angus' lead, and his driving riffs and mop-top hair were signatures of the band's sound and image for decades.Story highlights "Nothing is imminent," his publicist says. "We are taking it day by day."He was a superstar on the level of Elvis Presley and the Beatles(CNN) David Cassidy, the wildly popular '70s heartthrob who shot to fame when he starred and sang in TV's "The Partridge Family," is in critical condition with organ failure.Cassidy is being treated at a Fort Lauderdale, Florida, area hospital, longtime publicist Jo-Ann Geffen told CNN on Saturday.David Cassidy in 1971"He is conscious and surrounded by family and friends, nothing is imminent and we are taking it day by day," Geffen said.She did not say what caused the organ failure.Cassidy, 67, told People magazine earlier this year he was battling dementiaRead MoreHollywood has offered up few Asian American stars. But one of its most well-known is a cartoon: Apu from The Simpsons.Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, the Indian American character who operates the Kwik-E-Mart convenience store in the fictional town of Springfield and is known for the catch phrase "thank you, come again," has served as the animated series' running immigrant punchline for almost 30 years."What bothered me about Apu is how he stood in for my parents, replacing their real stories and real struggles and their really complicated lives with an accent," said comedian Hari Kondabolu in his documentary The Problem with Apu, which airs Sunday on truTV.Since there were so few Indian Americans represented in the media, it was an impression that stuck."If that's the way (people) know or understand your community, that's what they are going to look for," said Shilpa Dave, assistant professor of Media Studies at the University of Virginia and author of Indian Accents: Brown Voice and Racial Performance in American Television and Film.Related: #ExpressiveAsians hashtag used to fire back at Hollywood whitewashingEven though Asian Americans are one of the fastest growing ethnic groups in the U.S. -- and one of the wealthiest -- they are often overlooked by marketers, advertisers and the media.A recently released study by researchers from several California universities found that Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs) were the most underrepresented racial group on television during the 2015-2016 season.Of the 242 shows the researchers reviewed, 155 (or 64%) had no Asian American or Pacific Islander regulars."Regardless of the viewing platform, audiences may never see an AAPI regular on-screen, effectively erasing the AAPI population from a large portion of the television landscape," the study found.Related: Beyond 'nerds' and 'ninjas,' slow progress for Asian actors in HollywoodEven when there was an Asian American or Pacific Islander regular on a show, the researchers found they often got less screen time than their white counterparts and their roles often fit into a series of racial stereotypes.Jennifer Lee, a professor of sociology at Columbia University said Asians are often typecast as either high achieving model minorities or as service workers."Of course, there are Asian American cab drivers, Asian American deli owners, and there are Asian American scientists," she said. "But there are also Asian American journalists, there are Asian American professors ... we're just more multifaceted, especially with the second generation."Some Asian American actors are helping to break new ground and get more air time. Writer, comedian and actress Mindy Kaling, for example, created and stars in The Mindy Project, where she plays a successful obstetrician/gynecologist. Aziz Ansari's show Master of None recently won an Emmy. And the critically acclaimed series Fresh Off the Boat is the first sitcom to feature an all Asian-American family on prime time television since the 1990s.A virtually untapped marketWith a population of 20.5 million in the United States, Asian Americans are the fastest growing ethnic group in the nation -- and they wield a lot of financial power.Currently, representing 6% of America's population, Asian Americans are on track to surpass Hispanics as the largest immigrant group in the U.S. by 2055, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.Collectively, Asian Americans represent $825 billion in purchasing power -- which is "slightly larger than the economies of all but 17 countries worldwide, and slightly larger than the gross domestic product (GDP) of Turkey," according to a 2016 Nielsen report on the expanding footprint of Asian Americans in the U.S.And across the broad spectrum of ethnicities that comprise the Asian American population in the U.S., the median household income is $77,000. That's more than the median household income of whites at $61,000 and nearly twice that of blacks at $36,000 and Hispanics at $44,800, according to Pew Research Center."Asian Americans have enormous purchasing power," said Lee. "Asian Americans are also accumulating wealth. They are also creating businesses."Yet, Asian Americans are virtually forgotten by marketers, advertisers and the media.The challenge is convincing companies to see Asian Americans as consumers to go after -- ones that will bring them plenty of profits.Related: The Asian disadvantage (that's being ignored)"When you speak to (executives) about the numbers in a language they can understand, they're like 'wow,'" said Bill Imada, chairman and chief connectivity officer of the IW Group, an advertising and PR agency that specializes in helping companies and brands reach communities.It's something that Kondabolu knows all too well."We have to prove that we are capable of making people money. And once you prove that, then they are interested. But they won't take the risk. All these things involve some degree of risk," Kondabolu said. "Increasing diversity isn't out of a sense of justice or righteousness. It has to do with at the end of the day - this is going to make us money. I think there's still a degree of 'How can I prove this is a sound investment?'"(CNN) The 45th American Music Awards are Sunday, and here's what you need to know to get you in the groove:WhereThe awards show will be at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles.WhenIt will air live at 8 p.m. ET Sunday on ABC.Who's hosting?"Black-ish" star Tracee Ellis Ross is set to bring the funny as this year's host.It will be a family affair, with her mother, the legendary Diana Ross, set to perform and also receive a lifetime achievement award.The nomineesBruno Mars is leading the pack with eight nominations, followed by Ed Sheeran, Drake, the Chainsmokers, Kendrick Lamar and the Weeknd with five each.PerformersGet ready for the epic teaming of Kelly Clarkson and Pink.The singers both have new albums out and are set to perform together.They seem as excited as their fans are about singing together.After Clarkson tweeted, "Gonna play it super cool whilst singing with @Pink this Sunday at the #AMAs...but know on the inside I will be freaking the &$@! out," Pink responded with "You're joking! I am humbly prepared to be outsung:) I adore you and I cannot wait."You're joking! I am humbly prepared to be outsung:) I adore you and I cannot wait. https://t.co/o1DcDymbbY — P!nk (@Pink) November 16, 2017Other performers include Selena Gomez (whom fans will be checking to see whether she brings Justin Bieber as her date), Nick Jonas, Imagine Dragons and Lady Gaga.Warner Bros.' DC Entertainment is bringing out all its stars for this weekend's comic book mash-up, "Justice League." But will audiences embrace the superhero squad at the box office the way they flocked to this summer's "Wonder Woman?"So far the answer seems to be maybe.The film, which has Ben Affleck's Batman and Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman fighting alongside other DC crusaders like Erza Miller's The Flash, Jason Momoa's Aquaman, and Ray Fisher's Cyborg, brought in $13 million in preview showings on Thursday night.That's not bad, but "Wonder Woman" brought in $11 million for its Thursday night screenings, and that film wasn't packed with superheroes. "Wonder Woman" ultimately raked in $103 million domestically its opening weekend in June."Justice League" is projected to make roughly $110 million for its opening in North America this weekend, according to industry analysts. That would put it behind 2013's "Man of Steel," 2016's "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" and "Suicide Squad."However, some analysts who are looking at Friday's early box office returns are saying the film could potentially dip lower.If "Justice League" meets expectations, it will topple "Wonder Woman's" opening weekend performance. However, "Wonder Woman" had something that "Justice League" does not: rave reviews.Related: 'Justice League' races to catch up with Marvel"Wonder Woman" currently holds a 92% score on review site Rotten Tomatoes, which makes it one of the best reviewed films of the year. "Justice League," on the other hand, clocks in at 39%, which may not affect its initial opening, but it could hurt ticket sales in the weeks to come.The acclaim for "Wonder Woman" helped build word of mouth, which kept audiences coming back weeks, even months, after it opened.(CNN, like Warner Bros., is owned by Time Warner.)Photos: Mickey Mouse first debuted in "Steamboat Willie" on November 18, 1928. Hide Caption 1 of 13Photos: The Opry House in 1929 was the first time Mickey wore white gloves. Hide Caption 2 of 13Photos: The 1929 film "The Karnival Kid" was the first time Mickey first spoke, exclaiming, "Hot dogs!" Hide Caption 3 of 13Photos: Before Walt Disney created Mickey Mouse, he made Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, the main character in the 1927 film "The Ocean Hop." Hide Caption 4 of 13Photos: The first color short of Mickey Mouse was "The Band Concert" in 1935. Hide Caption 5 of 13Photos: Walt Disney showcases Mickey Mouse. Hide Caption 6 of 13Photos: "Fantasia" brought classical music and animation for a breathtaking cinematic experience. Hide Caption 7 of 13Photos: "The Simple Things" in 1953 was the last regular installment of the Mickey Mouse film series. Hide Caption 8 of 13Photos: A person in a Mickey Mouse costume at the gate of the Magic Kingdom at the Disneyland theme park, Anaheim, California circa 1955. Hide Caption 9 of 13Photos: Donald Duck is one of Mickey's most loyal friends as seen in the 1983 movie "Mickey's Christmas Carol." Hide Caption 10 of 13Photos: "House of Mouse" was an animated TV show that aired in 2001. Hide Caption 11 of 13Photos: While there was never a wedding in any film, Disney decided in the studio that Mickey and Minnie already were happily married. Hide Caption 12 of 13Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actress-singer Jennifer Hudson and pro wrestler David Otunga have broken up, according to a statement from her rep. The pair were engaged for a decade and have a son, David Daniel Otunga, Jr., who was born in 2009. Hide Caption 1 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits In September 2017, Gina Torres announced her separation from Laurence Fishburne. The couple, who were married in 2002 and share a daughter, quietly split the previous year. Hide Caption 2 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits In September 2017, Fergie and Josh Duhamel announced they were separating after eight years of marriage. "To give our family the best opportunity to adjust, we wanted to keep this a private matter before sharing it with the public," the couple said in a joint statement. "We are and will always be united in our support of each other and our family." Hide Caption 3 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actors Chris Pratt and Anna Faris announced August 6 that they were separating after eight years of marriage. "We tried hard for a long time, and we're really disappointed," they said in separate social media posts. Hide Caption 4 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Tom DAgostino Jr. and his reality star wife, the former Luann de Lesseps, have split. "The Real Housewives of New York City" star tweeted on August 3 that she and her husband of seven months had decided to divorce. Hide Caption 5 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner filed for divorce in April, almost two years after they announced they planned to. The couple took many fans by surprised when, one day after their 10th wedding anniversary, they revealed they were splitting. Hide Caption 6 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits People has reported that Tarek El Moussa and Christina El Moussa are separating following an altercation at their home earlier this year. The parents of two young children are the stars of HGTV's "Flip or Flop." Hide Caption 7 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits The back and forth relationship between Lamar Odom and Khloe Kardashian is over, after a Los Angeles judge finalized their divorce on December 9, 2016. Hide Caption 8 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Rapper Big Sean and "Glee" actress Naya Rivera called off their engagement in April 2013, six months after announcing their plans to wed. Rivera moved on from Big Sean to marry Ryan Dorsey. Hide Caption 9 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber announced in September 2016 that they were ending their 11-year relationship. They are the parents of two young sons. Hide Caption 10 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Angelina Jolie Pitt filed for divorce from husband actor Brad Pitt in September 2016. The couple married in 2014, but had been together almost a decade by then. They are the parents of six children. Hide Caption 11 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actor Ricky Schroder and his wife Andrea Bernard have reportedly split after almost 24 years of marriage. The couple share four children together. Hide Caption 12 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits People reported that singer Taylor Swift and producer Calvin Harris split after 15 months. Hide Caption 13 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Keshia Knight Pulliam's husband of only seven months, former football player Ed Hartwell, filed for divorce in July. The "Cosby Show" star said she was blindsided by the news which came soon after she announced she was pregnant with her first child. Hide Caption 14 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Lady Gaga said on July 20, 2016, that she and fiance Taylor Kinney were taking a break. The singer and the actor got engaged on Valentine's Day 2015. Hide Caption 15 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits In a statement, Gavin Rossdale said Monday, August 3, that he and Gwen Stefani will "will no longer be partners in marriage." He went on to say that the couple will jointly raise their three children. Hide Caption 16 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Lisa Marie Presley reportedly filed for divorce in June from her husband of 10 years, musician Michael Lockwood. He was Presley's fourth husband after Danny Keough, Michael Jackson and Nicolas Cage. Hide Caption 17 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actress Amber Heard has filed for divorce from actor Johnny Depp, according to documents obtained by CNN. Heard, 30, and Depp, 52, have been married since February 2015. Hide Caption 18 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits In May it was reported that rocker Ozzy Osbourne moved out of the Beverly Hills, California, home he shared with his wife of more than 30 years, Sharon Osbourne. Hide Caption 19 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits "How to Get Away With Murder" co-star Liza Weil has split from her husband, "Scandal" actor Paul Adelstein. According to People, the couple, who wed in 2006, separated in January. They are the parents of a daughter, Josephine, 5. Hide Caption 20 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Once called the Beyonce and Jay Z of country music, singers Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton have split. The couple confirmed July 20 that they were ending their marriage after four years. Both have since moved on to new relationships. Hide Caption 21 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits After 26 years of marriage, Narvel Blackstock and Reba McEntire divorced on October 28, after a separation of a few months, McEntire announced in late December. Though their marriage has ended, the couple will continue to work together. Blackstock is McEntire's manager. Hide Caption 22 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Olivier Martinez and Halle Berry announced October 27 that they've called it quits after two years of marriage. "It is with a heavy heart that we have come to the decision to divorce," the actors said in a joint statement. Hide Caption 23 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actress Kaley Cuoco and her husband, Ryan Sweeting, called it quits in 2015 after nearly two years of marriage. The couple "mutually decided" to get a divorce after 21 months of marriage, a publicist for the actress said in a statement. Hide Caption 24 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits "Mad Men" actor Jon Hamm and filmmaker Jennifer Westfeldt split in 2015, according to a statement the former couple provided to People magazine. "With great sadness, we have decided to separate, after 18 years of love and shared history," the pair said. "We will continue to be supportive of each other in every way possible moving forward." The couple was not married. Hide Caption 25 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Singer Avril Lavigne confirmed that she and hubby of two years Chad Kroeger separated. "It is with heavy heart that Chad and I announce our separation today," she said in 2015. Hide Caption 26 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actress Megan Fox has filed for divorce from her husband of five years, Brian Austin Green, in 2015. Hide Caption 27 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Longtime loves Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy announced August 4 that they had "made the difficult decision to terminate our romantic relationship." If this crazy couple can't make it work, what hope is there? Hide Caption 28 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Scott Disick and Kourtney Kardashian called it quits after nine years and three kids. According to E! (which hosts all things Kardashian), Kardashian decided to end it over the July Fourth weekend after photos surfaced of Disick with another woman. Hide Caption 29 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Amy and Matt Roloff, stars of TLC reality series "Little People, Big World," filed for divorce after 27 years of marriage. Hide Caption 30 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actor Ed Asner has reportedly filed for divorce from wife Cindy Gilmore eight years after the couple first split. The pair married in 1998 and separated almost a decade later. Hide Caption 31 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits After a year of " Conscious Uncoupling ," Gwyneth Paltrow made her split with Chris Martin official, filing for divorce on April 20. She's seeking joint legal and physical custody of their two children. The A-list pair, who had been married for 10 years before separating in March 2014, reportedly took a "breakup-moon" in the Bahamas following their 2014 announcement. Hide Caption 32 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits "Good Morning America" co-host Lara Spencer and husband David Haffenreffer released a statement to Page Six in March 2015 stating that they had decided to divorce after 15 years of marriage. The couple have two children. Hide Caption 33 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams divorced six years after tying the knot, according to People magazine. "Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams have mutually decided to end their marriage," a representative for Moore said in a statement. "It is a respectful, amicable parting of ways, and both Mandy and Ryan are asking for media to respect their privacy at this time." Hide Caption 34 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Comedian and actor Chris Rock filed for divorce from his wife, Malaak. They have been married 19 years and have two children. "Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife, Malaak," Rock's attorney, Robert S. Cohen, said in a statement. "This is a personal matter and Chris requests privacy as he and Malaak work through this process and focus on their family." Hide Caption 35 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits People reported that actress Helena Bonham Carter and her husband, director Tim Burton, called it quits after 13 years together. The pair, who worked together on films such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Dark Shadows," "separated amicably earlier this year and have continued to be friends and co-parent their children," a rep told the magazine. Hide Caption 36 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Kris Jenner filed for divorce from Bruce Jenner on September 22, 2014. The couple acknowledged that they separated in October . "We will always have much love and respect for each other. Even though we are separated, we will always remain best friends and, as always, our family will remain our No. 1 priority," they told E! Hide Caption 38 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Neil Young had more than a wife in Pegi Young; he also had a musical collaborator and a muse for some of his most classic love songs. But according to Rolling Stone, Young filed for divorce from his wife of 36 years in July 2014. Hide Caption 39 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actors Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs surprisingly decided to separate after 10 years of marriage, a rep for the couple confirmed to People magazine in December 2013. The couple's son, Walker, was born in 2009. Hide Caption 40 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas "thoughtfully and consensually" brought an end to their 20-year marriage in June 2013. The two actors released a statement announcing their breakup after reports indicated Griffith had filed for a divorce. Hide Caption 41 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Actors Evan Rachel Wood and Jamie Bell separated after nearly two years of marriage. The couple, who welcomed a son in July 2013, said in a statement that they plan to remain close friends. Hide Caption 42 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits After a six-year relationship, Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom announced in October 2013 that they had decided to formally separate. TMZ indicated that the pair were planning to divorce. The couple, who share a son, said in a statement that they remain amicable. Hide Caption 43 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Movie veteran Clint Eastwood and his wife of 17 years, Dina, separated over the summer of 2013, according to People . They have one daughter together. Hide Caption 44 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits George Clooney and Stacy Keibler were going strong -- and looking hot on the red carpet -- for two years. But in July 2013, their photogenic romance came to an end. Hide Caption 45 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Jane Seymour and James Keach announced the end of their 20-year union in April 2013. The couple are the parents of twin sons. Hide Caption 46 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Julianne Hough and Ryan Seacrest decided to take a break in March 2013 after more than two years together, People reported. The duo's busy schedules were to blame, but they plan to stay friends, sources told the magazine. Hide Caption 47 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits In September 2012, Will Arnett and Amy Poehler separated after nine years of marriage. They have two sons. Hide Caption 48 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes "amicably settled" their divorce in July 2012, just two weeks after Holmes filed for it, an attorney said. Holmes and Cruise, who were married for five years, have one daughter. Hide Caption 49 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver separated in May 2011 after 25 years of marriage. The public has since learned of Schwarzenegger's affair with the family's housekeeper that resulted in the birth of his fifth child. Hide Caption 50 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits After almost seven years together, Kate Winslet and director Sam Mendes went their separate ways in March 2010. The couple said that the split was mutual and that they would continue raising their children together. Hide Caption 51 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman collaborated on four films together, including the controversial "Eyes Wide Shut," during their 11-year marriage. The couple split in 2001. Hide Caption 52 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins split in 2009 after 23 years together. The pair, who met on the set of "Bull Durham," have two sons but never married. Hide Caption 53 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Mia Farrow appeared in several of Woody Allen's films before the couple went their separate ways in 1992. The pair reportedly split after Farrow found out about Allen's sexual relationship with one of her adopted daughters, whom Allen married in 1997. Hide Caption 54 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits MTV "Newlyweds" Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey split in 2005 after their three-year marriage. Hide Caption 55 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe were married for seven years before calling it quits in 2006. The pair, who have two children, finalized their divorce in 2008. Hide Caption 56 of 58Photos: Shocking celebrity splits Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston's seven-year romance came to an end in 2005. Speculation over whether Angelina Jolie had anything to do with the breakup added a juicy angle to the split. Hide Caption 57 of 58(CNN) Elevating Netflix's theatrical game, "Mudbound" is a powerful and absorbing film, one that does a splendid job of preserving its literary voice while painting a densely layered portrait of two families -- one white, one black -- in World War II-era Mississippi.Director Dee Rees (sharing script credit with Virgil Williams) brings Hillary Jordan's book to life with an ease that often eludes such page-to-screen transfers. It's a movie where the narration shifts among characters, making the audience privy to inner thoughts they would otherwise be hard-pressed to articulate.The result is a story filled with longing and pain, but which also finds unlikely bonds as it contemplates the grim racial history of the Jim Crow South and the war's aftermath."Mudbound" moves at a methodical pace -- basically approximating its rural, mid-20th century environs -- but with a constant sense of purpose, imbued with a strong sense of foreboding." allowfullscreen>Harboring dreams of getting ahead, Henry McAllan (Jason Clarke) relocates his wife Laura (Carey Mulligan) and children from Memphis to Mississippi. The move, however, doesn't go as planned, bringing the struggling McAllans into close contact with the Jacksons, Hap (Rob Morgan) and Florence (Mary J. Blige), African-American sharecroppers whose sprawling brood survives by working the land.Read MoreStory highlights "Despacito" is big winner of the night with four trophiesJustin Bieber wins his first Latin Grammy(CNN) Latin music had its biggest night with the 2017 Latin Grammys in Las Vegas.Jaime Camil and Roselyn Sánchez hosted Thursday night's ceremonies at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.The evening cemented that 2017 has been the year of Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee.The pair took home four trophies for their hit "Despacito," including both record and song of the year.The remix of the song won best urban fusion/performance and earned their collaborator Justin Bieber his first Latin Grammy.Read More(CNN) Jay-Z is speaking out about what he views as the criminal justice system "stalking" black people.The hip hop mogul wrote an opinion piece for The New York Times that published Friday in which he took up the fight for justice regarding rapper Meek Mill.Mill was recently sentenced to two to four years in prison as a result of violating his probation from a 2008 gun and drug case after he was arrested earlier this year for popping wheelies on his dirt bike and getting into a fight.The case has sparked outrage, not only among the hip hop community and fans, but also from activists such as Colin Kaepernick."What's happening to Meek Mill is just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day," Jay-Z wrote."I saw this up close when I was growing up in Brooklyn during the 1970s and 1980s," he wrote. "Instead of a second chance, probation ends up being a land mine, with a random misstep bringing consequences greater than the crime. A person on probation can end up in jail over a technical violation like missing a curfew."JUST WATCHED Lawyers: Judge wanted favors from Meek Mill Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Lawyers: Judge wanted favors from Meek Mill 01:56The rapper has been one of the most outspoken proponents for Mill, posting about the case on social media and pausing his recent concert in Dallas to speak about it.He sees it as a bigger issue than just Mill's sentence."The specifics of Meek's case inspired me to write this," Jay-Z wrote. "But it's time we highlight the random ways people trapped in the criminal justice system are punished every day. The system treats them as a danger to society, consistently monitors and follows them for any minor infraction -- with the goal of putting them back in prison."According to Jay-Z, "as of 2015, one-third of the 4.65 million Americans who were on some form of parole or probation were black. Black people are sent to prison for probation and parole violations at much higher rates than white people."The rapper pointed out how rehabilitating the system could affect Mill's hometown of Philadelphia, where crowds recently rallied in support of Mill."About half of the people in city jails in Philadelphia are there for probation or parole violations," Jay-Z wrote. "We could literally shut down jails if we treated people on parole or probation more fairly."(CNN) The success of "Wonder Woman" provided a golden ray of hope that Warner Bros. and DC had finally mastered this whole comic-book-movie thing. "Justice League," by contrast, reflects the haste with which the parties rushed to create their cinematic universe and catch up with Marvel, leaping several intermediate steps in a single bound.In one respect, this lavish superhero team-up is better than expected, yielding a few fun and clever moments, if one chooses to compare it to the bloated "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" and "Suicide Squad."On the other hand, it's at best workmanlike, and nowhere near as polished and satisfying as "Wonder Woman," which had the advantage of being a straightforward origin story, stripped of conspicuous concerns about stringing together pieces to move action figures.Warner Bros. made a choice years ago by essentially handing the keys to its superhero kingdom to director Zack Snyder, who put his stamp on "Man of Steel," "Batman v. Superman" and now this. (Snyder stepped away from the film due to a family tragedy, with Joss Whedon helping finish it, though Snyder retains sole directing credit, from a script attributed to Whedon and Chris Terrio.)Snyder is clearly a gifted visual stylist, someone who can bring what look like comic-book panels to three-dimensional life. It's his characters that tend to be a little flat and somewhat humorless, a criticism that "Justice League" labors to address, with mixed results.Read MoreStory highlights Drake pauses performance to call out a man who was groping women in the audience(CNN) Drake was in the middle of performing one of his hit songs "Know Yourself" at Sydney's Marquee nightclub Wednesday evening when he stopped to address a man in the crowd who he saw groping women in the audience."Yo, stop that s**t," Drake told the man. "If you don't stop touching girls, I'm gonna come out there and f**k you up."Drake performs at the Marquee Nightclub in Sydney, Australia.The crowd went wild with support. Since then, social media has also lit up with support for Drake, some citing the importance of his actions amid many allegations of sexual harassment in recent news.Sexual harassment advocates have said one way of tackling the issue is simply to call it out and not stay silent.We need more men like Drake who will call out trash who objectify, harass and grope women. — Luke Waltham (@lukewaltham) November 16, 2017As Drake says in his song "Know Yourself," "pray the fakes get exposed." Or in this case, pray the creeps get exposed.Read More(CNN) Since the Harvey Weinstein allegations surfaced, Hollywood has been buffeted by waves of new sexual-misconduct allegations against people both in front of and behind the camera. The question now is whether and how the entertainment industry can transform that outpouring of outrage and disgust into action."I don't think any one organization will be equipped to do anything," SAG-AFTRA president Gabrielle Carteris told CNN this week following a panel on sexual harassment held for the group's members. "If we do work together and really come together in all different aspects of our industry, then we have a really good chance to start to shift the culture. That's the only way."The Guild, which represents about 160,000 actors and performers, held the first of what it said will be a series of conversations that seek to educate its membership on individuals' rights in cases of alleged sexual misconduct on Tuesday night.Debra Zane, SAG-AFTRA President Gabrielle Carteris, Gloria Allred, Lisa Vidal, Niki Caro and Liz Tan at a panel discussion about sexual harassment in the entertainment industry.Since October, sexual harassment complaints reported to the Guild are up 500%, according to Carteris.Attorney Gloria Allred, who this week filed a suit against The Weinstein Company on behalf of one of Weinstein's accusers, said until recently, she'd been hesitant to use the term "tipping point." That's changed.After speaking at the SAG-AFTRA panel, Allred told CNN the conversations and flood of accusers have not showed signs of slowing, and it's an overdue moment. As someone who has been privy to the closed-door settlements that have been made in the industry over the years, she said the scope of the problem is still not entirely in the open."It's actually even worse than it appears," Allred said.The business of accountabilityIndustry organizations, from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to the Producers Guild of America, have stated their intent to seek solutions. Both organizations expelled Weinstein, and the Academy plans to explore the creation of a code of conduct for its members next month.Meanwhile, Women in Film, a nonprofit that promotes gender parity in Hollywood, will on December 1 launch a help line and provide legal aid for those who have experienced sexual harassment in the entertainment industry.While these groups are saying the right things and taking measured actions, some observers have noted that organizations set up to present awards and other honors aren't necessarily well equipped to serve as enforcement bureaus, which means the onus will ultimately fall on employers.Allred drew cheers from the attendees at the SAG-AFTRA event when she emphasized the need for official action in cases where harassment can be proven."If they have to pay, then they remember it," she said of employers.It's certainly true that the companies associated with the recently accused aren't likely to forget this moment any time soon.After Kevin Spacey was accused of sexual harassment and assault, Netflix and "House of Cards" producer Media Rights Capital halted production to assess the future of the Emmy-nominated series.Kevin Spacey on the set of 'House Of Cards' Season 5Spacey was essentially fired as Netflix cut ties with the actor last month.Writers for "House of Cards" are now racing to find a creative solution for Spacey's absence to salvage what was set to be the sixth and final season of the show.His film, "All the Money in the World," is also undergoing expensive reshoots, with Spacey being replaced in the movie with Christopher Plummer . The reworked film is set to hit theaters next month.Spacey is currently seeking unspecified treatment , according to his now former publicist.Meanwhile at FX, the network and studio, FX Productions, terminated its overall deal with comedian Louis C.K. after he, too, faced allegations of sexual misconduct.Louis C.K. had executive produced five series with the company over the last eight years and won critical acclaim for his auteur-driven comedy, "Louie."He released a statement apologizing for his behavior.JUST WATCHED Louis C.K. admits to sexual misconduct Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Louis C.K. admits to sexual misconduct 01:27The instinct of Hollywood studios and production companies is to dismiss claims against "very valued employees," Allred said, not specifically referring to any accused person. Ultimately, that's not a good policy because "it's going to come back at them in some way," she said."They'd be better advised to clean up their workplace and make it safe. They'll be likely less liable in the future," she said.Creating lasting changeGiven that new names keep surfacing, and that the history of such behavior goes back decades, questions about how to implement change won't be answered overnight.Speaking to a group of SAG-AFTRA members, director Niki Caro ("Whale Rider"), acknowledged that "a big part of the problem here is that this industry is clinging desperately to an old paradigm, where men are powerful and women are beautiful.""We are so far beyond that and yet we are held back by that," she said.Carteris agreed, but sees it as a problem that's not exclusive to the entertainment industry.What seems clear is that in the near future, there will be no avoiding these questions, even at promotional events like celebratory dinners and red-carpet premieres.The tension will be how to carry on with the usual business of the town and still acknowledge the atmosphere. That's already happening, but sometimes awkwardly, such as a Variety headline that read, "How will Hollywood harassment scandals impact awards season?"In a recent interview with Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, Meryl Streep said she thinks this awards season will be more "aware" and expressed hope that Hollywood's sexual-misconduct reckoning will lead to a culture shift."This moment is absolutely thrilling," Streep said. "This is a door that will not be closed. We got our foot in there now. It will be very difficult for people to conduct their lives the way they have in the past. 'Oh, that's just locker room talk. Oh, that's just the way men are.' No, it's not. We're civilized people, and we learn from our mistakes."Speaking outChanging culture is a long road, but more immediately, action can be taken by those who have or are currently being wronged, the panel of experts assembled by SAG-AFTRA said.The sense is there is a great urgency to foster an environment in which those who have been harassed or abused feel empowered to speak up -- not an easy task when on-set power structures are laid out on a call sheet every day."Fear is a tool that has kept women ... and men subordinated," Allred said in the panel.In this age of #metoo, there has been talk of seeking to clarify the response in the face of an incredible volume of allegations.In an interview with the New Yorker's NPR radio program promoting her new memoir, veteran editor Tina Brown said she welcomes the overdue airing of these issues but cited a need to differentiate conduct, separating the serial predators from those who might have transgressed in less serious ways."I do think it's very important that we distinguish between the rapists and assaulters and the clueless fumblers and the tactless remarkers," she said."Mudbound" director Dee Rees thinks the biggest hurdle is sustaining a culture in which women are heard and believed."I hope this isn't a moment," she told CNN recently. "I hope it continues and becomes a practice."CNN's Brian Lowry and Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report.Photos: Surprise! We're married! Patton Oswalt and Meredith Salenger announced on November 5 they had gotten married in Los Angeles. Oswalt's first wife, crime writer Michelle McNamara, died in her sleep in April 2016. Hide Caption 1 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Singer Elle King and Andrew "Fergie" Ferguson announced they were marrying in April 2017. King even said she skipped out on her wedding to go to a rock concert instead. In May she revealed the couple had actually married three weeks after they met in February 2016. Hide Caption 2 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Writer Lauren Morelli and actress Samira Wiley met in 2012 on the set of "Orange Is the New Black." At the time, Morelli was married to a man and came to realize she was gay while working on the show. The two got engaged in 2016. Hide Caption 3 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Singer Adele kisses Simon Konecki during the Grammy Awards in February 2017. Adele confirmed during a concert in Brisbane, Australia, that she and Konecki are married. Hide Caption 4 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Margot Robbie offered a saucy confirmation of her marriage to British director Tom Ackerley. Australian news sources indicated the duo married in a secret, private ceremony. Hide Caption 5 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! A marriage certificate dated June 13, 2016, confirms that Olympian Michael Phelps and Nicole Johnson did the deed in Paradise Valley, Arizona, without telling anyone. The pair are the parents of infant son Boomer. Hide Caption 6 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! "Shark Tank" star Robert Herjavec married his former "Dancing With The Stars" partner, Kym Johnson, 39, on July 31 in Los Angeles. Hide Caption 7 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! "Cosby Show" actress Keshia Knight Pulliam wed former NFL player Ed Hartwell, she revealed on January 22 in an Instagram post featuring a photo of the newlyweds locking lips. The news comes just a few weeks after Pulliam let slip in another post that the pair were engaged. Hide Caption 8 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Actress Bridget Moynahan revealed on her Instagram account that she married businessman Andrew Frankel in October 2015. Hide Caption 9 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Tracy Morgan and Meghan Wollover married in a moving ceremony on Sunday, August 23, according to People. The couple are the parents of a 2-year-old daughter, Maven. Hide Caption 10 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux tied the knot in an intimate ceremony at home on Wednesday, August 5, sources told People magazine. Hide Caption 11 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! "American Idol" season 3 winner Fantasia Barrino announced July 19 that she married fiance Kendall Taylor. The singer posted photos of their yacht wedding on her Instagram account, surprising fans who thought the couple was already married. Hide Caption 12 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Billy Joel and Alexis Roderick got married during a July Fourth party at Joel's Long Island estate. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a longtime friend, presided over the ceremony. It's the fourth marriage for Joel, 66. One of his ex-wives, Christie Brinkley, even posted online wishing congratulations to Joel and Roderick, 34. Hide Caption 13 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Entertainer Vanessa L. Williams married fiance Jim Skrip on July 4 in Buffalo, New York, according to People magazine. The singer and "Ugly Betty" star announced her engagement in September on "The Queen Latifah Show." Hide Caption 14 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! We knew actor Benedict Cumberbatch was engaged to theater director Sophie Hunter, but their Valentine's Day wedding sneaked up on us with little fanfare. The couple wed in a small ceremony on the Isle of Wight "surrounded by their close friends and family," Cumberbatch's publicist, Karon Maskill, said. "It was a magical day." Hide Caption 15 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Actor and comedian Stephen Fry married fiance Elliot Spencer on January 17. Fry shared a picture on Twitter of the couple with an Oscar Wilde doll witnessing their vows. Fry announced the engagement January 6. Hide Caption 16 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Ludacris didn't waste much time marrying his fiancee, Eudoxie. He proposed to her on December 26 and apparently married her before 2014 was out. Hide Caption 17 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Cameron Diaz and Benji Madden wasted no time heading down the aisle. The couple, who were reportedly set up by Madden's sister-in-law, Nicole Richie, began dating in May and were engaged around the holidays. By January 5, they were tying the knot in a small wedding at their home in Los Angeles, reports People magazine. Hide Caption 18 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Joseph Gordon-Levitt and girlfriend Tasha McCauley, here in NYC in August, married in a quiet ceremony at their home on Saturday, December 20. The "Don Jon" star, 33, is known for keeping his private life quiet. Tasha is the CEO of Fellow Robots, a NASA-based robotics company. Hide Caption 19 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Scarlett Johansson and French journalist Romain Dauriac were married for more than a month before the rest of the world caught on. According to Gossip Cop , the couple set off for Philipsburg, Montana, to tie the knot in secret on October 1. Hide Caption 20 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! When "High School Musical" star Ashley Tisdale married musician Christopher French on September 8, she reportedly had a plan in place to keep the ceremony private. According to E! , the couple had guests arrive at a different location before shuttling them over to the wedding's private venue. Hide Caption 21 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! After a 10-year relationship and two kids together, David Burtka and Neil Patrick Harris finally tied the knot in Italy the weekend of September 5 without a peep of advance notice. Hide Caption 22 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! The same weekend that Harris and Burtka married, TV star Fran Drescher was quietly marrying Shiva Ayyadurai at their home. Drescher met Ayyadurai, who developed an email program when he was a teenager, just over a year ago. She shared the surprise marital update on Twitter on September 7. Hide Caption 23 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Despite being one of the most closely watched couples in the world, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie managed to get married in complete privacy. Their French wedding on August 23 was so secretive, it took five days for the rest of the world to hear about it. Hide Caption 24 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Beyonce and Jay Z are professionals in every sense of the word, especially when it comes to keeping their private life hidden. The couple dated for six years before secretly marrying in New York on April 4, 2008. They were so insistent on keeping it just between them that Jay Z pretended not to know what a reporter was talking about three days after tying the knot. Hide Caption 25 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Good luck guessing what Natalie Portman is going to do next. The star isn't known for sharing much about her private life, but when she does she drops some doozies. In December 2010, the actress caught fans off guard with her out-of-the-blue engagement to French dancer Benjamin Millepied , which was announced at the same time as her first pregnancy. Portman keeps her personal life so hush-hush that onlookers thought she and Millepied had wed months before they actually tied the knot in August 2012. Hide Caption 26 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner declined to officially announce their engagement in April 2005, and they were just as elusive with their secret island wedding that June. Hide Caption 27 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Janet Jackson just isn't one to marry and tell. The pop superstar wed Rene Elizondo, Jr. in 1991, but no one knew about it until Elizondo filed for divorce around 2000. Jackson's so good at keeping secrets that she pulled off another hush-hush wedding in 2012, when she married Wissam Al Mana in a "quiet, private, and beautiful ceremony." Hide Caption 28 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Cutting down on the number of attendees is one way to keep your matrimony on the DL. In 2006, Sacha Baron Cohen and Isla Fisher swapped vows in Paris in front of just six wedding guests. Hide Caption 29 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Zoe Saldana appears to be the type who'd rather show than tell. The actress and her artist husband, Marco Perego, were spotted wearing gold wedding bands in September 2013, which led to confirmation that the couple had actually married earlier that summer in front of a small gathering of family and friends. And with the couple now expecting their first child, Saldana stayed quiet until she confirmed her pregnancy by getting her husband to take the ALS bucket challenge for her. Hide Caption 30 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Like Saldana, Kerry Washington has been extremely reluctant to talk about her husband or her baby. There were multiple reports that the "Scandal" actress had wed football player Nnamdi Asomugha in June 2013 in Idaho, but the actress refused to say whether it happened or not . She played it similarly close to the vest when she became very evidently pregnant toward the end of 2013. Hide Caption 31 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! In 2012, we knew that Ryan Reynolds was romantically linked to "Gossip Girl" actress Blake Lively, but no one saw their Southern wedding coming . That August, Lively and Reynolds secretly said "I do" in South Carolina. Even though the wedding had Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine performing, somehow the couple managed to keep the ceremony so under wraps, we still don't know what the bride wore. Hide Caption 32 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! The courtship of "Skyfall" star Daniel Craig and actress Rachel Weisz is a little hazy. As far as the public knows, the former "Dream House" co-stars became romantically involved following Weisz's breakup with director Darren Aronofsky in November 2010. But before anyone could get a good sense of the newest Bond's new dating life, the couple quietly married in upstate New York in June 2011. Hide Caption 33 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! When Anne Hathaway wanted to create a low-key wedding, she made like Natalie Portman and headed for Big Sur in California. The Oscar winner didn't fully escape all eyes as she wed Adam Shulman in September 2012 -- paparazzi caught the bride in her custom Valentino dress -- but at least the walkup to her private affair wasn't publicized. Hide Caption 34 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! When Britney Spears wants to get married, she doesn't hesitate. The singer first had a quickie wedding to childhood friend Jason Alexander in Las Vegas in January 2004. Then, after getting that 55-hour marriage annulled, she held a second surprise wedding in September 2004 to backup dancer Kevin Federline. Her secret there was the switcheroo: The ceremony was held a month prior to the date that was publicized. Hide Caption 35 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! In 2011, LeAnn Rimes played a Britney Spears card and tricked the media. While friends and family thought they were attending an engagement party for Rimes and actor Eddie Cibrian that April, they were actually attending their wedding. Hide Caption 36 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! It's hard to be inconspicuous when your husband-to-be's last name is Rocknroll, but Kate Winslet managed it anyway. After quietly getting engaged in the summer of 2012, Winslet and Ned Rocknroll had a super-private wedding in New York in early December -- and the rest of the world was none the wiser until the end of the month. Hide Caption 37 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Former Destiny's Child star Kelly Rowland is just as secretive as her friend Beyonce. The singer kept her engagement to her manager, Tim Witherspoon, to herself for months before revealing the news in December 2013, and was just as private when it came to their wedding in Costa Rica that May. The couple is now expecting their first child. Hide Caption 39 of 43Photos: Surprise! We're married! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren were so intent on keeping their marriage private that they did away with wedding guests altogether. The only other person present at the couple's uber-private ceremony at a Beverly Hills courthouse in May 2008 was the official who married them. Hide Caption 42 of 43(CNN) There's a moment in Jeff Ross's new comedy special where the comedian couldn't possibly look any more out of place.He's in the center of a room surrounded by a group of female Eritrean immigrants at a safe house in Austin, Texas. Six of them sleep in the small room. Some are braiding each other's hair while sharing with Ross the story of their dangerous and life-risking journey to the United States.Ross stands awkwardly in the middle, and it's clear he's a comedian disarmed."Their stories were so compelling, I didn't want to cloud it with thoughts that weren't about them," Ross recalled to CNN later. "I didn't want to make jokes in that moment; I didn't have a joke at that moment."On it's own, the immigration debate isn't something that makes people laugh a lot these days. But, in that, Ross saw an opportunity to dig into the truths of the people whose lives are affected by the policies being talked about by using the sharpest tool at his disposal: his comedy.Read More(CNN) Production on the seventh and final season of HBO's "Veep" has been postponed as star Julia Louis-Dreyfus continues treatment for breast cancer.Executive producer Frank Rich confirmed the delay in an interview with Sirius XM's The Press Pool"The expectation is we will shoot again," Rich said. "We have one more season we're doing, which we're incredibly excited about."Louis-Dreyfus announced her diagnosis in late September, just days after she made Emmy history for her sixth consecutive win in the best actress in a comedy category.HBO said at the time that the show's production schedule would be adjusted to accommodate Louis-Dreyfus' heath needs.Read MoreStory highlights Kelly tweeted that London blocked himHe said he found it funny(CNN) Friendship appears to be out of style for the former co-hosts of "What Not To Wear."On Wednesday, Clinton Kelly tweeted a photo showing that Stacy London had blocked him on Twitter.Alllll righty then pic.twitter.com/noZrpANckl — Clinton Kelly (@clinton_kelly) November 15, 2017"Alllll righty then," Kelly wrote.Kelly and London found fame on the hit TLC series, which ended its run after a decade in 2013.The pair of fashion consultants would dole out style advice and conduct makeovers on the participants.Read MoreThe company behind the new Star Wars video game has turned off a money-spinning part of it after an outcry from angry fans and scrutiny from regulators.Gamers had complained in recent days that it takes huge amounts of time -- or money -- to unlock features in Star Wars Battlefront II. Regulators in Belgium, meanwhile, are looking at whether the game constitutes a form of gambling.Some Star Wars fans who paid roughly $60 to buy Battlefront II were upset to find that optional charges built into the game can cost them hundreds more."We hear you loud and clear, so we're turning off all in-game purchases," said Oskar Gabrielson, the general manager of the unit of gaming giant Electronic Arts (EA, Tech30) that developed Battlefront II. "We will now spend more time listening, adjusting, balancing and tuning."Related: The new Star Wars video game is under attackFans were angry because Battlefront II essentially gave players a choice. They could spend a huge number of hours collecting in-game credits to unlock new features and cooler characters, or pay real money to get them instantly.In the gaming world, this is called "pay to win." It's not unusual, but the format has typically been used in mobile games that are free to download.Some gamers calculated that it would take six years of playing two hours a day to unlock all the features in Battlefront II without handing over any real money. Paying for everything, meanwhile, would cost over $2,000."It's a complete ripoff and the multiplayer is rigged for whoever is willing to spend more money," one gamer said on Twitter last week. "It is designed to make you spend more money after buying."VIDEO GAME PSA:Do not buy Star Wars Battlefront 2 for friends or family. It's a complete ripoff and the multiplayer is rigged for whoever is willing to spend more money. It is designed to make you spend more money after buying.I'm more than happy to reccomend alternatives. — David Schroeder (@DavidSchroeder_) November 10, 2017"We've heard the concerns about potentially giving players unfair advantages," Gabrielson said. "And we've heard that this is overshadowing an otherwise great game. This was never our intention. Sorry we didn't get this right."Previously, the game developers had tried to placate fans by reducing the cost of unlocking "hero" characters by 75%.The in-game purchases aren't gone forever, though.Gabrielson said they would return "at a later date, only after we've made changes to the game."Related: Nintendo exec: Failed Wii U is responsible for Switch's successHis statement didn't directly address the concerns of the Belgian Gaming Commission, which is investigating how players in Battlefront II and similar games are rewarded by unlocking "loot boxes."The idea is that players pay real money to unlock a virtual "loot box" without knowing what kind of reward is inside. They also don't know how many boxes they might need to unlock in order to finish the game.Peter Naessens, general director of the Belgian Gaming Commission, said the regulator is examining whether the rewards are allocated by chance, and whether this might constitute a form of gambling.In Belgium, companies involved in gambling are required to have a license. Minors and people with gambling addiction problems are not allowed to play.Related: New 'Star Wars' trilogy with new characters in developmentElectronic Arts has dismissed the idea that its game falls into that category, saying that the "mechanics of Star Wars Battlefront II are not gambling.""A player's ability to succeed in the game is not dependent on purchasing [loot boxes]," it said in a statement. "Players can also earn [loot boxes] through playing the game and not spending any money at all."Star Wars owner Disney (DIS) did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Photos: Badass women on screen Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman first made an appearance in the 2016 film "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice." Her 2017 solo movie broke a box-office record for most money made by a film directed by a woman on its opening weekend. Hide Caption 1 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Charlize Theron kicked butt and looked fabulous while doing it as an undercover MI6 agent in "Atomic Blonde." She was strong, smart and beyond fierce in the role. Hide Caption 2 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Daisy Ridley portrays Rey, a young scavenger on the desert planet of Jakku in "Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens." Here are a few more sci-fi female action heroines (with some fantasy thrown in): Hide Caption 3 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Former "Glee" star Melissa Benoist (also seen in the Oscar-nominated "Whiplash") plays Supergirl in the CBS series of the same name. Hide Caption 4 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Blasting her way out of the Death Star, we knew fairly quickly that Leia was not one to be trifled with in the "Star Wars" films. Carrie Fisher played the role. Hide Caption 5 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Krysten Ritter stars as "Jessica Jones" in the Netflix series based on Marvel Comics' "Alias," about a semi-retired superhero-turned-private eye. Hide Caption 6 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Jennifer Lawrence is back as archer and freedom fighter Katniss Everdeen in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" and coming soon, the final film, "Part 2." Hide Caption 7 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Zoe Saldana stars in not one but three major sci-fi movie franchises. She's Lt. Nyota Uhura in the rebooted "Star Trek" movies, stars as former assassin Gamora in the Marvel hit "Guardians of the Galaxy" and is Neytiri in "Avatar" and its planned sequels. Hide Caption 8 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Nichelle Nichols played Lt. Uhura, the communications officer on the Starship Enterprise, in the original "Star Trek" TV series and films. In the recent movie reboots, her role was played by Zoe Saldana. Hide Caption 9 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Margot Robbie portrayed Batman villain (and the Joker's paramour) Harley Quinn in the eagerly awaited film "Suicide Squad." Hide Caption 10 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Set in the post-World War II years, the new series "Marvel's Agent Carter" follows the continuing adventures of Peggy Carter, after the presumed death of her boyfriend Steve Rogers (a.k.a. Captain America). Hide Caption 11 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Scarlett Johansson stole the movie in her first scene in "The Avengers" -- not an easy thing to do. Black Widow was pretty kickass in the film. Hide Caption 12 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen "Lucy" seems to have boosted Johansson's action movie cred. The actress is reportedly starring in the live-action remake of "Ghost In The Shell." Hide Caption 13 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Buffy Summers, played by Sarah Michelle Gellar, was vampires' worst nightmare in the beloved TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer." Hide Caption 14 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Lucy Lawless found fame on TV as the force of nature that was "Xena, Warrior Princess." Hide Caption 15 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Sigourney Weaver faced off with aliens not once, but four times in the "Alien" films and became the very model of the modern sci-fi heroine. Hide Caption 16 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Linda Hamilton (pictured) was the best known Sarah, but we look forward to seeing how Emilia Clarke takes on the Terminator in the upcoming reboot. Hide Caption 17 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Carrie-Anne Moss' Trinity was the first main character we saw in the "Matrix" and immediately, we were hooked. Hide Caption 18 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Tatiana Maslany's "clone club" brings new meaning to the term "girl power" on the critically-acclaimed BBC America series "Orphan Black." Maslany plays Sarah Manning on the show. Hide Caption 19 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen She may not have "wanted to believe" like her partner Fox Mulder, but Gillian Anderson as Scully on "The X-Files" was one of the best sci-fi characters of the past 20 years. Hide Caption 20 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen It's hard to choose a favorite Lois as there's been so many over the years, but we'll go with Margot Kidder's tough as nails reporter from the Christopher Reeve "Superman" movie series. Hide Caption 21 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen They switched genders on us with this character in the 2000s reboot, and casting Katee Sackhoff as Starbuck in "Battlestar Galactica" was a stroke of genius. Hide Caption 22 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen We didn't even see her face but when she used her katana to slice through zombies at the end of season two, we knew we really liked Michonne, actress Danai Gurira, from "The Walking Dead" right away. Hide Caption 23 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Emma Watson's Hermione Granger in the "Harry Potter" movies always knew just the right spell to get out of any situation. Hide Caption 24 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen We'd rather not remember Halle Berry's take on the seductive thief, Catwoman, but Julie Newmar, Eartha Kitt, Lee Meriwether and Anne Hathaway were all splendid in the role. But for our money, Michelle Pfeiffer (pictured) in "Batman Returns" is the Catwoman to beat. Hide Caption 25 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Leela, the pilot of the Planet Express ship, often acts as the voice of reason between Fry, Professor Farnsworth and the others in her crew on "Futurama." Katey Sagal is the voice of Leela. Hide Caption 26 of 28Photos: Badass women on screen Emilia Clarke's Daenerys Targaryen from "Game of Thrones" is so tough that she will literally walk through fire. Hide Caption 27 of 28Photos: Shocking character deaths TV can be a cruel, cruel place, and we're not even talking about the writers' rooms. Here are some of the small-screen deaths that shocked us the most (stop here if spoilers aren't your thing). Hide Caption 1 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Tom Keen (played by actor Ryan Eggold) died on the fall finale of the NBC drama "The Blacklist" after he was stabbed. Despite fan theories to the contrary, the show's creator insisted that the character really did die. Hide Caption 2 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Michael Cordero, played by Brett Dier, was killed off in season three of "Jane the Virgin." The character had survived being shot in the season two finale, but succumbed to complications from that shooting. Hide Caption 3 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Anika (Grace Gealey), left, and Rhonda (Kaitlin Doubleday) ended season 2 of "Empire" with a fight on a balcony which ended with one of them falling off. The season 3 premiere revealed it was Rhonda who fell to her death. Hide Caption 4 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Hearts broke in May 2016 when "Game of Thrones" killed off beloved character Hodor, who perished gallantly while saving his companion Bran. Hide Caption 5 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Abbie Mills, the law-enforcement-officer-turned-demon-fighter portrayed by actress Nicole Beharie, died in the season three finale of Fox's "Sleepy Hollow." Hide Caption 6 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Lexa, a fan favorite played by actress Alycia Debnam-Carey on the post-apocalyptic CW series "The 100," was killed by a stray bullet. Hide Caption 7 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Laurel Lance/Black Canary, the district attorney and Green Arrow sidekick played by actress Katie Cassidy, died in a season four episode of the CW's "Arrow" series. Hide Caption 8 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "Doctor Who" fans had a heads up that Jenna Coleman, the Doctor's companion for nearly three years, was departing the series, but still the tragic death of her character Clara was like a punch to the gut. Hide Caption 9 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths It's still fair to call the character deaths on "Game of Thrones" shocking because not everyone has read the books. And in the case of the demise of Jon Snow in the Season 5 finale, there are some theories that he may not actually be dead. Hide Caption 10 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The brutal death of the young and innocent Shireen during Season 5 of "Game of Thrones" did not sit well with some fans. The series seems to have a knack for disturbing viewers, though it is not the first. Hide Caption 11 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "Grey's Anatomy" star Patrick Dempsey's character Derek Shepherd -- aka Dr. McDreamy -- died in a car wreck. Hide Caption 12 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "The Walking Dead" kicked off the second half of its season by killing off Tyreese (Chad L. Coleman), a moral center of the show. It's not the first time "Walking Dead" has surprised viewers. Hide Caption 13 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "The Walking Dead's" midseason finale in November was a heartbreaker. Emily Kinney's Beth got into an altercation with Dawn (Christine Woods) that led to her death. Several fans turned to Twitter to admit that Beth's tragic ending left them in tears. Hide Caption 14 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths FX's "Sons of Anarchy" didn't hold back as it ended its run after seven seasons. In the penultimate episode, the show's main character, Jax Teller (Charlie Hunnam), fatally shot his mother, Gemma (Katey Sagal). That jaw-dropping moment was followed by the death of Jax himself in the series finale. Hide Caption 15 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Fan favorite Trip (B.J. Britt) on "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." met a disastrous end on the show's midseason finale in December. In an attempt to rescue Skye just as the mysterious Obelisk was activated, Trip was turned into stone. Hide Caption 16 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "Chicago Fire" started off its third season with a gut punch. We knew to expect casualties after season 2's building explosion, but that didn't make it any easier to say goodbye to paramedic Leslie Shay (Lauren German). She didn't die in vain, though: Executive producer Matt Olmstead told Entertainment Weekly that the intent is to have her death shake up the storylines for the coming season. Hide Caption 17 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "Pretty Little Liars" fans were ready for a death in the fifth midseason finale, but that didn't make it any easier. In the August 26 episode, one-time "A" Mona Vanderwaal (Janel Parrish, left) was killed off. Or so it seemed; "Pretty Little Liars" is famous for also bringing people back from the presumed dead. (We're looking at you, Ali.) Hide Caption 18 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths When "True Blood" met its true death in its series finale last August, it dragged one of its main characters down with it. In a surprising twist, the writers actually killed off Stephen Moyer's Bill Compton. The toughest part to stomach? They had his one love, Sookie (Anna Paquin), do the staking. Hide Caption 19 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Not that "True Blood's" seventh season hadn't been breaking hearts left and right. After kicking off the final stretch of episodes with a surprising death (which you'll hear about next), the HBO staple axed Joe Manganiello's beloved werewolf, Alcide, in the third episode. Hide Caption 20 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths During "True Blood's" June season premiere, Rutina Wesley's vampire Tara met her final death while protecting her mother. Viewers were caught off-guard by Tara's sudden demise, but Wesley wasn't, and she supported the decision. "I think it's great," she told Entertainment Weekly of her character's death. "I think somebody had to go." Hide Caption 21 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths It seemed almost poetic that Tywin Lannister (portrayed by Charles Dance) was killed by his son Tyrion on an episode of "Game of Thrones" that aired on Father's Day 2014. It was a less than dignified end for the Lord of Casterly Rock, who bought it while on the commode. Hide Caption 22 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths On the April 17 season finale of "Scandal," creator Shonda Rhimes threw out a death-murder plot that stunned fans and altered the fate of one of the drama's main characters, President Fitzgerald Grant (Tony Goldwyn). Hide Caption 23 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths No one lives long in the world of HBO's "Game of Thrones," but for a while it seemed that only the good were sentenced to be written off the show. Thankfully, season 4's Purple Wedding proved that death comes for the wicked just the same -- even when that person is the king of the realm. So long, King Joffrey! Hide Caption 24 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Josh Charles' turn as lawyer Will Gardner on "The Good Wife" came to an end last spring. The character was killed off in the 15th episode of the fifth season. "We've all experienced the sudden death of a loved one in our lives," the showrunners said in an explanatory letter. "Television, in our opinion, doesn't deal with this enough: the irredeemability of death." Hide Caption 25 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The death of the wise doctor, Hershel, during "The Walking Dead's" fourth season broke some hearts. Hide Caption 26 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths On a 2013 episode of Seth MacFarlane's long-running "Family Guy," fans were stunned to watch one of the animated comedy's central characters bite the dust. The family dog, Brian, lost his life after being hit by a car Hide Caption 27 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Author Helen Fielding killed off Mark Darcy in her latest Bridget Jones novel, "Mad About the Boy." Fans are reportedly not happy about the loss of Darcy, played by actor Colin Firth in the films. Hide Caption 28 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) and Lori Grimes (Sarah Wayne Callies) didn't have a chance to live happily ever after on "The Walking Dead," as she died in childbirth. Hide Caption 29 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The character of medical student Lucy Knight (played by Kellie Martin) was stabbed to death by a mentally disturbed patient on "ER." Hide Caption 30 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Heath Ledger starred as the Joker and Maggie Gyllenhaal as Rachel Dawes in "The Dark Knight." The death of Rachel hit Bruce Wayne/Batman hard. Hide Caption 31 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The birth of her daughter should have been a joyous time for Lady Sybil Branson (Jessica Brown Findlay) and her husband, Tom (Allen Leech), on "Downton Abbey," but fans were shocked when tragedy struck. Hide Caption 32 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The death of Kevin Spacey's character, Lester Burnham, in the 1999 movie "American Beauty" is accompanied by poignant words at the end of the film. Hide Caption 33 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths The revival of John Travolta's career via playing hit man Vincent Vega in the 1994 film "Pulp Fiction" was almost as surprising as the way his character gets taken out in that film. Toaster pastries, anyone? Hide Caption 34 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Killing off a popular character early on has almost become a trademark of HBO shows (remember Stringer Bell on "The Wire"?) so fans really shouldn't have been stunned when Sean Bean as Eddard "Ned" Stark lost his life during the first season of "Game of Thrones." Hide Caption 35 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Viewers didn't actually witness the death of Gwyneth Paltrow's character Tracy in the 1995 film "Se7en," but "The Box" was enough to shock Detective David Mills, played by Brad Pitt -- and us viewers. Hide Caption 36 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Tara Maclay (Amber Benson) and Willow Rosenberg (Alyson Hannigan) were a happy couple on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" until a bullet felled Tara, which led to much outrage from fans. ( But what else is new? Hide Caption 37 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths "The Sopranos" offered up plenty of killing, but the murder of Adriana La Cerva (Drea de Matteo) struck a nerve with fans. Hide Caption 38 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Michael K. Williams played Omar Little, who was a bit of a Robin Hood on the critically acclaimed series "The Wire." His death in season 5 was more shocking for the manner in which it happened than that it happened in the first place. Hide Caption 39 of 41Photos: Shocking character deaths Peter Krause starred as Nate Fisher, who was expected to survive after a brain hemorrhage but ultimately died -- like the rest of the cast -- on "Six Feet Under." Hide Caption 40 of 41(CNN) "One Tree Hill" creator Mark Schwahn has been suspended from his current series, E!'s "The Royals," following accusations of sexual harassment by colleagues who've worked with him in the past and on his latest series."E!, Universal Cable Productions and Lionsgate Television take sexual harassment allegations very seriously, investigate them thoroughly and independently, and take appropriate action," the three companies said in a joint statement given to CNN. "Lionsgate has suspended Mark Schwahn from 'The Royals' as we continue our investigation."Schwahn's suspension comes just days after a group of 18 actors and crew members who worked with him on the TV series "One Tree Hill" came forward with accusations of sexual harassment in a joint statementOn Wednesday, Alexandra Park, who stars on "The Royals," put out a statement on her Twitter account saying she had "been exposed" to Schwahn's "reprehensible behavior.""In the past, people were afraid to come forward in these situations because they were terrified of losing an opportunity so hard to come by, an opportunity that meant so much to them," she wrote. "I am proud and grateful that today, we can take a different path."Read MoreStory highlights He was an emerging voice on the music sceneThe Long Island rapper and singer blended emo and hip hop for a distinctive singing and rapping style(CNN) Rapper Lil Peep, an emerging voice on the hip hop scene and a YouTube star, has died at the age of 21, police and a business associate confirmed to CNN Thursday.A spokesman for the Tucson, Arizona, Police Department told CNN that police were called just before 9 p.m. (11 p.m. ET) Wednesday night after Lil Peep was found unresponsive by his manager in his tour bus and said that first responders "rendered medical aid but they were unable to save him.""After speaking with people on scene and going into the tour bus, (police) said that there was evidence of a possible drug overdose, most likely from Xanax," Sgt. Pete Dugan told CNN in a phone interview Thursday."Obviously, we're not medical examiners, so there will be an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death," Dugan said, adding that there was "no sign of any kind of foul play" and police are "treating it as a suspicious death case, most likely from an overdose."Read MoreStory highlights Reality TV star confirms a girl is on the way for her and husband Kanye WestDaughter North is excited about having a sister, she says(CNN) Turns out all that pink at Kim Kardashian West's baby shower was a major hint.The reality TV star and her husband, rapper Kanye West, are expecting their third child via a surrogate.Kardashian West revealed to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Wednesday that the new baby is a girl and her 4-year-old daughter, North, is excited."We had a baby shower over the weekend, and I thought, you know, I really do want to have a baby shower because I want (North) to feel that something's coming and for her to really understand it," Kardashian West said."People brought toys and gifts, and (North) was opening them all up the next day and she goes, 'Mom, since baby sister's not here, I think I need all of her toys in my room and play with them and make sure they're all OK for baby sister.' "Read More(CNN) Denzel Washington, the producer, has developed a knack for finding great roles for Denzel Washington, the actor -- last year in "Fences" (which he also directed), this year in "Roman J. Israel, Esq." Washington's quirky performance shines brightly, but in a movie that otherwise doesn't present an especially strong case for rushing out to see it.Washington plays the title character, a "Rain Man"-like legal savant -- it's never mentioned, but he clearly appears to be on the spectrum -- who has toiled for decades in obscurity, the silent partner of a civil-rights titan who served as the public face of their two-man firm. While his boss made showy court appearances, Roman devoted himself to writing briefs, taking advantage of an encyclopedic knowledge of the penal code.When his collaborator is stricken by illness, Roman's world is abruptly turned upside down, thrusting him into uncomfortable situations, or at least, venues where he's ill-equipped to deal with the required protocols and niceties."I don't have the patience for the butchery that occurs here," he says during what should be a perfunctory court appearance, raising the ire of the judge.Forced to find work elsewhere, Roman awkwardly links up with George Pierce (Colin Farrell), a slick, fast-talking protégé of his boss. That comes after offering himself up to Maya Alston (Carmen Ejogo), an activist who is intrigued by his passion and legacy -- his meager apartment is adorned with pictures of Muhammad Ali and Angela Davis -- but professionally unable to help him.Read More(CNN) Marvel's most sadistic vigilante has been an ongoing source of screen fascination, yielding movies of the uneven-to-bad variety. Although a Netflix series might look like more hospitable turf, "The Punisher" only marginally improves on that legacy, yielding a grim, plodding story that tends to confuse body count with achievement.Previously introduced in "Daredevil," Jon Bernthal's skeleton-adorned killing machine, Frank Castle, is back, in a drama built on his status as a former military man, a history that comes back to haunt him. He also continues to grieve for his wife, whose murder the viewer has to keep reliving -- in gauzy Technicolor dreams -- along with him.As the series opens, everyone thinks our tortured antihero has died, except for a former NSA analyst ("Girls'" Ebon Moss-Bachrach), a maestro of computers and surveillance who enlists Frank in a larger cause. The plot involves a mystery surrounding what really happened during Castle's service abroad, a situation that involves his former buddy Billy Russo (Ben Barnes) and a Homeland Security agent (Amber Rose Revah) who fields the case." allowfullscreen>The action, when it happens, proves especially grisly. The parties postponed a "Punisher" premiere at New York Comic-Con after the mass shooting in Las Vegas, which feels like a limp acknowledgment of the show's over-the-top violence while simultaneously trying to establish distance from it.Along the way, Castle endures nearly as much punishment as he dishes out (although "The Punishee" doesn't have quite the same ring to it), and the gore factor rises to bordering-on-gratuitous heights during the closing flurry of episodes.Read More(CNN) Tales about tortured artists (and comedians in particular) are a dime a dozen. Yet "Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond" -- a Netflix documentary about Jim Carrey's total immersion into the role of Andy Kaufman while making the 1998 biopic "Man on the Moon" -- somehow feels utterly fresh, presenting the toll paid by two eccentric comedic geniuses for the price of one.Culled from 100 hours of footage shot throughout the movie's filming, and augmented by recent interviews, director Chris Smith's movie strongly suggests that the method approach Carrey used in making that movie -- which included never breaking character, on or off the set -- has stuck with him to this day.At the time one of the world's biggest box-office draws, it subtly explains why we haven't seen as much of Carrey. Indeed, listening to him now, it sounds as if parts of Kaufman are still bouncing around inside his head.Kaufman, of course, was a comic like few others, featuring an act that possessed a peculiar current of performance art, designed as much to confuse and perplex as elicit laughs. Carrey embraced very aspect of that, down to baiting wrestler Jerry Lawler -- who had famously body-slammed Kaufman during a stunt match -- during the filming, to the point where a confused Lawler wanted to mop the floor with him too.Kaufman's shtick was further complicated by his Tony Clifton character, a persona into which he periodically disappeared, and which his pal, Bob Zmuda, also played with near-equal facility. That created almost surreal moments, where folks wondered how Kaufman could seemingly be in two places at once. (The documentary adds the subtitle "Featuring a Very Special, Contractually Obligated Mention of Tony Clifton," perhaps just to bedevil poor souls marketing the DVD.)Read MoreA Kremlin-linked troll that has become infamous after having fooled thousands of Americans appears to have returned to Twitter more than a week ago. The account is proudly touting itself as a Russian troll in its Twitter bio, but Twitter has taken no action against it.Using the pseudonym "Jenna Abrams" and photographs of a Russian woman, the troll account in its initial incarnation posted more than 25,000 tweets using an invented persona of a conservative American woman. Before it was shut down, "Abrams" amassed a following of more than 70,000 -- including, according to a CNN analysis, former members of the Trump administration Michael Flynn and Sebastian Gorka, as well as Flynn's son Michael Flynn Jr.The account was on Twitter for years until the company determined it was part of a network of almost 3,000 accounts run by the Internet Research Agency, a troll army in St Petersburg, Russia, that has ties to the Kremlin, and shut it down. The House Intelligence Committee earlier this month released a list of IRA-linked accounts that Twitter had compiled and provided to the Committee; the Abrams account was among them.The Abrams account has become one of the most infamous of the IRA's efforts ever since its link to the group was first reported by RBC, a Russian magazine, in October. That's in part because of the success it had in coming to wider attention. Tweets from the account were featured by dozens of American and international news organizations, including CNN.Related: Virginia voter suppression tweets went undetected by Twitter for hours"Abrams'" activity was not limited to Twitter. The troll or trolls who ran it also had blogs on the publishing platforms Wordpress and Medium.While Medium removed the blog on its site after CNN discovered it in October, the Wordpress account was still live on Wednesday. (Wordpress did not respond to multiple requests for comment.)Last week, a post appeared on the Wordpress blog, the first since the original Twitter account was suspended.Among other things, including denying that the account was run by Russians and telling Americans to blame themselves rather than Vladimir Putin for the election of Donald Trump, the author or authors of the post disclosed that there was a new Abrams Twitter account, @realJennaAbrams.The new account, which began tweeting on November 8, doesn't just boldly use the name Jenna Abrams in its handle. It also used, for a period, the same profile picture as the original account. And when it started tweeting, it immediately began mocking, in tweets and in its profile, American media's coverage of the original account."This article is my favorite one," the new account tweeted with a link to a Guardian story headlined, "Jenna Abrams: the Trump-loving Twitter star who never really existed."In its profile, the account included snippets from articles about it as if it were a movie being reviewed: "She is basically Vladimir Putin - The Guardian Russia's best troll - Mashable"As of Friday morning, the new account had just 25 followers and had sent only 38 tweets. But its continued existence, despite the fact that it is either connected to Russian trolls or pretending to be, still seems to fly in the face of Twitter's telling Congress just two weeks ago that it is working to ensure "the experience of 2016 never happens again."Related: Russian trolls pushed pro-Brexit spin on day of referendumCNN messaged directly with the person or people running the account this week through private Twitter direct messages. There, again, they denied being part of a Russian troll operation, but declined to say who they were or where they were from.Separately, CNN identified the woman whose photos the account has for years used to help grant the persona a veneer of legitimacy.The photos were taken from the social media accounts of a real person who lives in St. Petersburg, Russia -- the city where the Internet Research Agency is based.Nataliia Redkina, 26, expressed both surprise and concern when CNN showed her how her pictures had been used on Abrams' accounts. She had not been previously aware her image was being used this way, she said."I'm not interested in political news," she told CNN, "I'm an architect and I work hard every day."Redkina said she works for the Committee for the State Preservation of Historical and Cultural Monuments, a part of the St. Petersburg city government.She said she is restricted from posting political messages like the ones that have appeared on the Abrams accounts because of her job.Redkina said she had not heard of the Internet Research Agency and that she hopes her photos will be removed from any existing accounts. "I don't know how to change this situation," she told CNN.When CNN asked the person or people running the new Abrams Twitter account why they were using Redkina's photographs, they removed them from the profile and wrote in a direct message to CNN, "I want to take this opportunity to say sorry for that. first it was an experiment, then it became a brand."Twitter said on Friday that it was looking into the account.-- CNN's Laurie Segall contributed reporting.Rupert Murdoch is serious about selling 21st Century Fox, and he has suitors.Both Comcast and Verizon have approached 21st Century Fox about acquiring most of the company, sources familiar with the talks told CNN on Thursday.One of the people cautioned that the talks are at a "very early" stage, but that Murdoch seems genuinely motivated to sell.The news comes ten days after revelations that 21st Century Fox had previously been in talks with Disney about a similar acquisition. Disney is no longer in talks with Fox, though those talks could be revisited.21st Century Fox shares jumped by more than 8% in after-hours trading on Thursday.Sources familiar with the talks said Comcast and Verizon were interested in acquiring the same assets that Disney had expressed interest in: Fox's movie and television studios, entertainment cable networks, and international businesses. Fox would keep its news and sports holdings and restructure around those assets.For Comcast, this is seen as an international expansion strategy -- Murdoch's stakes in satellite distributors like Star and Sky would give the Philadelphia-based company a new level of global reach.Comcast is also said to be keenly interested in Fox's movie and TV studio, one of the sources said.The November 6 news report about Disney's talks with Fox is what prompted Comcast and other potential buyers to reach out to Fox, the person added.For Verizon, the wireless giant, Fox's assets would significantly expand its entertainment offerings. That's the same thing Verizon's primary wireless rival, AT&T, is trying to do by buying Time Warner, the parent company of CNN, HBO, Warner Bros. and other media assets.The U.S. Justice Department's antitrust divisions has concerns about the AT&T deal, and may ultimately sue to block the merger, according to sources.A deal between Fox and one of its suitors would result in a slimmed-down version of the Murdoch media empire.Fox would refocus its business around its core news and sports channels like Fox News and Fox Sports 1.Rupert Murdoch's sons James and Lachlan jointly run the business with him. There has been speculation on Wall Street that the family would try to reunite its TV channels with its publishing business, News Corp, which was spun off in 2014.Spokespeople for Comcast, Verizon and Fox declined to comment. The Wall Street Journal, which is also owned by Murdoch, was first to report the news.S. E. Cupp's conservative views haven't changed since she started hosting her own show, "SE Cupp Unfiltered," on HLN.But by virtue of her being part of the media business, "a close family member who does not believe the media, does not believe me, and thinks I am fake news," she said.With Thanksgiving just around the corner, Cupp's anecdote is a reminder of how personal polarization can become, and a lesson about how hard it is these days to break through the thick layer of conservative distrust in the media.That skepticism "runs deep," Cupp wrote in her latest op-ed for CNN Opinion's series "Free Press: What's at Stake.""Believe me, President Donald Trump didn't invent it," she wrote.While exacerbated by Trump's anti-media rhetoric, Cupp told Brian Stelter in this week's Reliable Sources podcast that the origin of conservative distrust in the media started "when media got corporatized," centralized in coastal cities, leaving behind Midwestern and Southern hubs."The big networks and the big newspapers forgot what average Americans -- and by that I largely mean conservatives -- wanted, and cared about, and thought about," Cupp told Stelter.Trump was able to "take the conservative skepticism in liberal media and just make that a skepticism in all media," Cupp said. In doing so, he appeals not just to conservatives, but to other segments of the electorate that feel disenfranchised."It almost has no political bent," Cupp said.Listen to the whole podcast here:Cupp says that it is "really dangerous" for the President to sow distrust in the media, a crucial institution for a democracy. She also emphasizes that Trump's penchant for discrediting all institutions, from the intelligence community to the justice department, to the military, allows him to "consolidate power." By pushing the narrative that he, and he alone, is the "only person you can trust," he controls "a very powerful microphone," Cupp told Stelter."It's dangerous when he talks about fake news and it's really dangerous when people en masse believe him," Cupp argued.Cupp believes that the seeds of distrust in the government that Trump is capitalizing on were first planted during the George W. Bush and Barack Obama years. Both administrations, she told Stelter, had "a lack of accountability, a lack of honesty, a lack of transparency," and were also hostile to the press.While she agrees that a portion of the country may be "unreachable" for the time being, she is hopeful about the future. At a time when the country is so polarized, conversations around core American values are becoming more frequent.Cupp cites NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem as an example of "what patriotism should look like.""Those are conversations we were having because we almost took them for granted, we assumed they were just settled. And I think someone like Trump came along to remind us that they're not settled for everyone," she said.Digital media is facing a reckoning.The start-ups that were once the darlings of the industry are facing budget shortfalls and revenue declines as they struggle to survive in an over-saturated market where Google and Facebook lay claim to the vast majority of ad dollars.Now, the bubble is bursting and many of these companies are looking to sell.In the latest evidence of volatility, CNN has learned that IAC is entertaining potential buyers for The Daily Beast, the news and opinion site launched nearly a decade ago by former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown."IAC has made it known it's a seller and various outlets are taking a look," one source with knowledge of IAC's sales pitch said. "They're shopping to all interested parties."Other sources with knowledge of the talks said IAC was only entertaining offers initiated by outside parties, and that no formal sales effort was in place.The sources did not disclose any other details, including how much IAC hopes to get for the Beast. An IAC spokesperson said "IAC does not comment on rumors or speculation."Minutes after this report was published, Daily Beast president Heather Dietrick emailed staff and said there was "no sales process going on for The Beast," but that IAC often "fields inquiries from third parties looking to talk about purchases, sales, or investments.""In fact I wouldn't be surprised if others come by and ask to take a peek because of the way we've been driving the conversation in news lately," she wrote.The Daily Beast is hardly alone.Related: Why there's so much anxiety in the media business right nowMashable, which was valued at $250 million early last year, has reportedly agreed to sell itself for just $50 million to the trade publisher Ziff Davis.Univision is reportedly looking for investors to buy a minority stake in their Fusion Media Group, which includes the former Gawker Media sites and the Onion, as well as Fusion TV.Meanwhile, BuzzFeed is on track to miss its revenue targets by as much as 20% and is no longer likely to file for an initial public offering next year, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. Vice, too, will fall short of its projected revenues.Even CNN Digital, which brought in its highest revenue in history this year, expects to fall short of its revenue projections by at least $20 million dollars, according to BuzzFeed.So, what happened?In a number of cases, companies failed to meet the sky-high numbers they promised to investors. Some, like BuzzFeed and Mashable, scaled-up by being omnipresent on social media without figuring out how to make enough money off those platforms.Meanwhile, those platforms -- most notably Facebook and Google -- started taking larger and larger chunks of the available advertising revenue. Today, the Facebook-Google duopoly owns between 60 to 70% of the U.S. digital ad market, leaving digital media companies to fight over crumbs.Story highlights French President Macron welcomes Hariri and his family in ParisHariri announced his resignation two weeks ago(CNN) Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced Saturday that he will return to Beirut despite his resignation two weeks ago."I'll be in Beirut in the next few days to participate in the Independence Day celebrations," Hariri told reporters after meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron at the Elysee Palace in Paris.Hariri added that it would be there, in Beirut, that he'll speak about the country's current political situation. He also mentioned he would be speaking to the country's President, Michel Aoun.Macron welcomed Hariri and his family at the Elysee Palace on Saturday, where he hosted a lunch.French officials said they hope the visit will help end the political crisis by showing Hariri is free to travel.Read MoreBeirut (CNN) All around the Lebanese capital of Beirut, posters of Prime Minister Saad Hariri have gone up proclaiming "Kulna ma'ak" -- "We are all with you." They don't seem to be an endorsement of Hariri as a politician; rather, they appear to be an expression of solidarity with man whom the Lebanese believe is in "captivity" in Saudi Arabia. It's a rare moment in Lebanon when country comes before sect.On Sunday night, when Hariri went on Lebanese television for the first time to explain his sudden resignation a week earlier, he looked exhausted. "I wanted to make a positive shock for the Lebanese people so the people know how dangerous the situation we are in," he said.Indeed, his resignation, made via the Saudi-funded news channel Al-Arabiya from the Saudi capital, Riyadh, was a shock. Nothing like that had ever happened before. He accused Iran and its Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, of destabilizing his country and the region. He claimed there was a threat against his life.beirut marathon hariri in saudi arabia wedeman pkg_00002829.jpgBut some in Lebanon, including the widely-supported President, have indicated they believe there was a different explanation -- that Saudi Arabia was somehow behind Hariri's resignation, irritated that he hadn't done more to stand up to Hezbollah, the Iranian-backed faction that shares power in Lebanon.Saudi Arabia firmly denies the claim. But if Hariri's former backers in Riyadh hoped that his removal would prompt a groundswell against Hezbollah, or its allies in Riyadh's longtime Gulf rival Iran, they would have been disappointed. No such groundswell emerged.Read MoreStory highlights Operation pushed ISIS from their last known location in IraqThe militant group once controlled more than 34,000 square miles of territory(CNN) Iraqi forces have retaken the town of Rawa from ISIS, one of the militant group's last footholds in the country.The Iraqi national flag was raised over Rawa around midday Friday, Iraq's Joint Operation Command (IJOC) said in a statement.A spokesman for the command told CNN that engineers laid down a pontoon bridge across the Euphrates River around dawn to allow Iraqi forces to cross near the outskirts of the town.Iraqi forces with @coalition support announce the liberation of #Rawa in #Anbar province, among the last populated areas in #Iraq held by #ISIS terrorists. Days of its phony "caliphate" are coming to an end. — Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) November 17, 2017Located in Anbar province in the Euphrates valley, Rawa was the last known Iraqi town still held by ISIS militants. Recapturing it means ISIS has been defeated in all of the country's towns and cities, though pockets of resistance still exist and the group does control some territory in the deserts of western Iraq.Haider Al-Abadi, the commander in chief of Iraq's armed forces, said in a statement the "liberation of Rawa district in mere hours reflects the great strength and power of our heroic armed forces and the successful planning for battles."Jerusalem (CNN) Oshrat Kotler sat behind the anchor desk, unable to calm her pounding heart. Her breaths came in staccato gasps. After 25 years spent presenting the news on camera, Kotler found she could hardly control her nerves.And when she started speaking, her story -- hidden for a quarter century -- began pouring out on live television.Earlier this month Kotler, an anchor for Israel's Channel 10 news, told her viewers about the time she says she faced an indecent proposal as a young, aspiring journalist."[CEO of Keshet Media Group] Alex Gilady interviews me. The interview goes well. He likes my portfolio. A few hours later, I get a phone call and Alex Gilady invies me for dinner, and when I try to evade and to suggest lunch, he clarifies to me, 'No, no, dinner. And make sure you keep the evening free too.' And then I tell him, 'Mr. Gilady, I'm really flattered that you invite me for dinner, but you know, I'm married.' And then he explains to me, 'What has this got to do with it? Don't you know how they advance in TV in Hollywood?'"Israeli TV anchor Oshrat Kotler took to the airwaves to level a charge of sexual harassment.Kotler called it an indecent proposal that never went any further.Read MoreWashington (CNN) US allies campaigning hard in the halls of Congress to preserve the Iran nuclear deal are finding the process frustrating and confounding.In conversations with CNN, some foreign diplomats and officials who back the deal say that at the highest levels, the White House has seemed at times so wedded to its talking points on Iran that it doesn't listen, with President Donald Trump stuck in "transmit rather than receive mode."The State Department, they say, isn't really part of the conversation."The ball really is with Congress right now," so that's where diplomats have been focused, said one senior official, but even there, things aren't going all that well.Some say animosity between Republicans and Democrats has made their work uncomfortable. And while all the officials CNN spoke to said lawmakers are avid for input from allies, some worry that Congress' attempts to fix the deal will spin out of control and ultimately drag the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action down with it.'Not about banging down doors'US law gives Congress some oversight of the Iran deal, allowing it to slap sanctions on Tehran if lawmakers don't think it's complying. But the White House wants Congress to toughen its oversight by amending a law called INARA, so that the US can potentially sanction Iran for activities that were never part of the nuclear deal in the first place. The alternative, Trump has threatened , is that he'll walk away from the deal. The danger of amending the law, some European diplomats say, is that Iran will see this as a violation of the international agreement."There are lots of well-intentioned people on both sides in Congress," said one European diplomat. "Our worry is, once you start tweaking INARA, you could end up essentially renegotiating the deal unilaterally, and then you lose control of it if Iran ultimately walks away."JUST WATCHED Trump decertifies Iran nuclear deal (full) Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump decertifies Iran nuclear deal (full) 18:33Diplomats whose countries back the deal estimate that their teams have held dozens of meeting on Capitol Hill in the past few months. In the last two weeks, senior European officials, including EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, have also descended on the Hill.One diplomat from a country that supports the deal said the point isn't to lobby Congress but to say, "Here's why we feel the way we do." It's not about banging down doors, this diplomat said, but about working with Congress.Israeli and Gulf officials quietly make their case in meetings with lawmakers and administration officials. At lower levels, Washington-based diplomats have pressed the issue on the Hill and at the White House for months in an effort to influence whether the deal should change, and to what degree.Israel argues the deal should be "fixed or nixed," while Gulf countries say it should be toughened and used to pressure Iran. Countries that support it, on the other hand, say trying to reopen the international pact would unravel it, undermining global security. The deal, reached in July 2015 , was negotiated between Iran, Russia, China, the US, France, Germany, the UK and the European Union.JUST WATCHED Kerry: Trump's North Korea rhetoric 'stepped over the line' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kerry: Trump's North Korea rhetoric 'stepped over the line' 08:40Diplomats on all sides of the deal have focused their tug-of-war campaign on Capitol Hill since October. That's when Trump -- hostile to the nuclear deal but stymied by declarations that Iran is complying from the United Nations, US allies and even his own national security staff -- punted the issue to Congress.Before Trump handed it off to Congress, some supporters of the deal say, they were having a tough time getting their message across to the White House. When British Prime Minister Theresa May met the President in New York in September, the first issue she raised was the nuclear deal, and she came away with the sense that he wasn't really listening, according to someone present who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the meeting.'Transmit, rather than receive mode'That person said Trump kept interjecting with simple talking points -- "It's the worst deal ever" -- without explaining his reasons or addressing the substance, while the Prime Minister wanted to focus on the details of the deal, stress that Iran was in compliance and convey that the UK would work with the US to ratchet up pressure on Iran for its other malign activities.Afterward, the person present said Trump had clearly been "on transmit rather than receive mode."In contrast, lawmakers from both parties are reaching out to engage on the substance, foreign diplomats said. Those involved with amending INARA are telling diplomats from allied countries that their goal is to keep the US compliant with the nuclear deal."I got clear indications that the intention is keep the United States compliant with the agreement and find ways to do that in coordination with ... the European Union, as such, and the rest of the international community," Mogherini said.The EU's top diplomat was speaking to the press during a break in her 24-hour blitz through Congress over Nov. 6 and 7. But Capitol Hill dynamics are leading some advocates for the deal to pull back a bit.JUST WATCHED Iran leader's critical words on nuclear deal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iran leader's critical words on nuclear deal 03:11"The Republicans are saying, 'We have been asked by the President to find a solution, so please help us,'" said one diplomat. "On the other side, the Democrats said to us, 'Don't help this President.' We don't want to be involved in a national battle," the diplomat continued, saying that their country is keeping tabs on the situation but is no longer actively campaigning. "We don't want to be caught in the middle."Foreign officials who are staying steadily engaged with lawmakers say they often encounter misunderstandings about the pact and what it does. "They all think they know," said one official. The complexity of the agreement makes it easy to sell certain angles to people with influence but provides little time to deeply study the matter, these foreign diplomats said.Mogherini, in her remarks to the press last week, expressed some frustration about this, saying the deal was the result of "12 years of negotiations ... resulting in 104 pages of extremely detailed provisions. Most of us in this room would have difficulties, let's say, decrypting in some parts, even if we've all developed a certain knowledge and skill when it comes to centrifuges and heavy water."A major bone of contention is the so-called sunset clauses that allow Iran to start developing advanced centrifuges and bolstering its uranium enrichment after a few years. Critics of the agreement, such as Israel, say this will facilitate Iran's eventual development of a nuclear weapon, a view many lawmakers hold.Getting it past the White HouseMogherini stressed the EU line: The deal doesn't facilitate Iran attaining a nuclear weapon, because under it, Iran explicitly commits never to develop a nuclear weapon. "The commitments not to develop nuclear weapons are forever," she said.One diplomatic source said Republicans "think it's going to be a free-for-all once the sunset comes," but added that "that's not the way the deal works, that's not true." But this official said that even when Republican lawmakers accept that the law isn't as simple as they're making it out to be, they remain fixated on using INARA to make things tougher because that's what the White House demands.Lawmakers are considering amending the law to include clauses on Iran's missile use , the sunset clauses and ballistic missile development that would trigger more sanctions to rein in malign Iranian behavior in Lebanon, Syria and elsewhere. Iran's ballistic missile program isn't covered by the nuclear deal, but it is forbidden by the UN resolution that endorsed the pact.Senior diplomats say they have explicitly explained what they see as the danger of this approach to members of Congress: that putting in these "triggers" to increase sanctions on Iran could backfire."But they say if they don't have something in there like that, the President will just throw it out," said the diplomat. Lawmakers on "both sides say they need something, to get it past the White House.""They say, 'Work with us: Let's find language that will warn Iran, but keep the deal,'" the diplomat said. "But the huge question mark for us is, is that even possible?"(CNN) Russia vetoed Friday night a last-gasp UN resolution to extend the mandate of the international inspections of chemical weapons use in Syria.It's the third veto of an extension for the chemical weapons investigators in the past month. After Russia vetoed a compromise 30-day extension of the mission proposed by Japan, US Ambassador Nikki Haley said that Russia "saw fit to waste our time."UK Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said he was "frankly astounded" that Russia would block a resolution to restructure how the mission operates to meet some of Moscow's concerns.Swedish Ambassador Olof Skoog called for immediate additional private consultations.The Security Council was holding those consultations Friday night, but no further vote was expected. The mandate for the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) to inspect for chemical weapons runs out at midnight Friday.Italian UN Ambassador Sebastiano Cardi, president of the Security Council, said the group "will continue to work in the coming hours and days to find a common position in light, of course, of this crucial non-proliferation issue that we have been debating for the last days."In April, more than 80 people were killed in a sarin attack on the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhun -- an attack that prompted the United States to launch 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at a Syrian airbase.A joint report from the United Nations and international chemical weapons inspectors last month determined the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad was responsible for the attack.Syria has repeatedly denied it had anything to do with the attack and denies it has any chemical weapons. Damascus has said an airstrike hit a chemical weapons depot in the rebel-held area.Russia vetoed the resolution along with Bolivia. China was the sole country to abstain.11th veto by Russia regarding SyriaRussia has raged in recent weeks against the competence and accuracy of JIM, which assigns responsibility for several chemical weapons attacks inside Syria."Baseless accusations," said Russian UN Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia after his veto.But Haley and other UN colleagues denounced Moscow for once again doing anything to prop up ally Assad in Syria.It's the 11th time Russia has vetoed a Security Council resolution since the outbreak of the Syria conflict.The latest Russian veto came at the same time the White House was condemning Thursday's veto."Russia has sent a clear message that it does not value the lives of the victims of chemical weapons attacks or respect reasonable standards of international conduct regarding the use of such weapons," according to a statement from press secretary Sarah Sanders released Friday night.Russian objectionsNebenzia said Russia's issue was not with the work of the investigators, but with their mandate. Russia vetoed an October resolution to extend the mandate, saying the group is prejudiced against Russia, and on Thursday the ambassador again cited "flaws" with the investigators' work."There was nothing balanced in the US draft resolution. There was nothing balanced there," Nebenzia told the council.Russia put forward its own resolution on extending the mandate, but it was rejected after receiving only three votes in favor.By using the veto to kill a mechanism in Syria that holds users of chemical weapons accountable, Russia proves they cannot be trusted or credible as we work towards a political solution in Syria. — Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) November 16, 2017Haley tweeted after the Thursday vote that "by using the veto to kill a mechanism in Syria that holds users of chemical weapons accountable, Russia proves they cannot be trusted or credible as we work towards a political solution in Syria."Before Thursday's meeting, Haley told reporters US officials had tried to call the Russian mission to discuss renewing the mandate, but the mission's phones weren't working. She said she tried to call Nebenzia, but "for some reason he's not available."On Friday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said "no such efforts were rejected.""Seems we are witnessing a new phenomenon in international relations, as now, apart from fake news, there is also fake diplomacy," Lavrov said from Moscow.The foreign minister said Russia clarified its stance on the mandate extension, but "the Americans tried to use some cosmetic phrases, pretending that they had taken our concerns into consideration."Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017US President Donald Trump had urged all Security Council members to renew the mandate to ensure that Assad's regime "does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again."As part of their work, the UK's Rycroft said before Thursday's vote, the JIM investigators had looked into "the frankly ridiculous conspiracy theories that some were coming up with to explain away the use of chemical weapons in Syria by the Assad regime."