Queen Elizabeth II officially welcomed Meghan Markle into the royal family during her annual Christmas Day message, just hours after the duchess-to-be was spotted with fiancé Prince Harry, Prince William and a pregnant Kate Middleton attending church service.

The queen, while sitting beside a photograph of Harry and Markle and other photos during a pre-recorded address, said she was excited to welcome new members into her family in the upcoming year. Middleton is also expected to give birth to her third child in April.

Markle, who got engaged to Harry in early November, was all smiles during her first public appearance with the queen and members of the royal family. She was spotted walking next to Middleton as she held Harry's arm while arriving at St. Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham for traditional Christmas service on Monday.

"[Markle] was very, very lovely," said Judith Wallis, who chatted briefly with the newly engaged couple when they were walking back to Queen Elizabeth's residence.

Thousands of people gathered outside the church to get a glimpse of the royal family, a larger crowd than previous years possibly because of Markle's attendance -- it was her first Christmas with the family.

"I suspect there are a few people at home who are thinking, why on earth would I want to leave my nice, warm, comfy house and my nice Christmas presents and stand outside in the cold," Sky News correspondent Rhiannon Mills said. "But there have literally been thousands of people this morning who have been queuing up to try and get inside the gates of the Sandringham estate. It's been an unbelievable scene, really."

Elizabeth, 91, and Philip, 96, missed last year's church service because they had the flu, but they seemed in good health during Monday's brief appearance. Philip walked back to the queen's house with other royals, but Elizabeth opted to be driven.

She and Prince Charles' wife, Camilla, rode to and from the service in a chauffeured Bentley with a horse-themed hood ornament, perhaps chosen by the queen, who loves horses and horse racing.

Markle joining the royal family during Christmas was unusual because new members are usually invited to holiday events only after they are married, according to the Telegraph. Kate Middleton was also only welcomed into the family after she married William.

Harry and Markle's wedding is set on May 19, 2018 at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.

Remarks pre-recorded by the monarch were televised on Christmas Day in the United Kingdom and the 51 other Commonwealth countries. Elizabeth used her Christmas message to pay tribute to the way London and Manchester pulled together after terror attacks earlier this year. She said it was her privilege to visit young survivors of the attack on a Manchester concert hall as they were recovering from the blast which claimed 22 lives.

"I describe that hospital visit as a 'privilege' because the patients I met were an example to us all, showing extraordinary bravery and resilience," she said.

Elizabeth also paid tribute to her husband, who this year stepped down from most public duties because of his advancing years.

"I don't know that anyone had invented the term 'platinum' for a 70th wedding anniversary when I was born," she said. "I know [Philip's] support and unique sense of humor will remain as strong as ever, as we enjoy spending time this Christmas with our family and look forward to welcoming new members into it next year."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Ben Shapiro claimed a victory over the holiday weekend in his feud with Rosie O'Donnell, after Twitter reversed itself and deleted a vulgar tweet the conservative commentator had reported.

Shapiro filed the complaint after the ex-"View" host tweeted at him, "suck my d--- Ben."

He said he reported her "mainly to see if Twitter does indeed have a double standard."

"Everyone knows if Rosie were conservative, Twitter would suspend her in a hot second. So, Twitter, put your money where your mouth is," Shapiro wrote, adding the "#MeToo" hashtag.

At first, it seemed like Twitter balked.

The social media giant initially sent Shapiro its conclusion that "there was no violation of the Twitter Rules against abusive Behavior."

Shapiro responded: "Surprise of surprises. Twitter says that @Rosie's tweets were not in fact abusive in any way under their rules. Good to know."

But in a twist, Twitter wrote back shortly afterward to say the comments actually were in violation.

"We have required that the reported Tweets be deleted and they have since been removed," the Twitter statement said.

"Well, looks like Twitter had some second thoughts about @Rosie's obscene tweets," Shapiro tweeted, along with an image of the Twitter statement.

The Shapiro-O'Donnell clash started during a dispute over the Republican tax bill last week.

O'Donnell originally said she would give $2 million each to GOP Sens. Susan Collins and Jeff Flake if they voted against the tax reform legislation.

Shapiro, who is also the editor in chief of the Daily Wire, responded with a series of jabs at the liberal former co-host of "The View." One tweet cited an article he wrote for his website claiming, "Rosie O'Donnell Violates Federal Law, Offers To Bribe Republican Senators To Vote Against Tax Bill."

Another tweet called for O'Donnell to be locked up, while Shapiro also joked, "If Trump orders Sessions to investigate Rosie, he will be carved into Rushmore by Friday."

After the barrage of Shapiro posts, O'Donnell sent the profanity-laced reply.

The exchange continued, leading Shapiro to make even more claims against O'Donnell.

"You're already a felon, Rosie. Don't be a homophobic sexual harasser too," replied Shapiro.

After Shapiro alerted his followers that he had reported O'Donnell, she simply replied, "oh ben," to which he answered: "All victims deserve to be believed."

O'Donnell retweeted a number of tweets calling Shapiro a "snowflake" and accusing him of mocking victims of sexual abuse. However, she did block Shapiro on Twitter.

Fox News' Brian Flood contributed to this report.
Could it be a holiday miracle in the making?

Matt Lauer was spotted Saturday with estranged wife and former model Annette Roque and the couple's 14-year-old daughter Romy, E! Online reported.

The family - minus two other children - was seen together at a horse farm in Sag Harbor, N.Y., on the eastern end of Long Island, the report said. But Roque was still seen apparently without her wedding ring.

Just three days earlier, Roque was seen leaving the offices of a New York City law firm, amid reports that she plans to divorce Lauer following his dismissal from NBC in November over allegations of sexual misconduct.

The accusations included reports that Lauer had affairs with NBC interns and even kept sex toys in his office.

Lauer issued an apology soon after.

After Lauer's firing, the couple's neighbors said Roque had become known as a "sad wife" in their Long Island town, where she was reportedly rarely seen with Lauer. But the former "Today" co-anchor was said to be living with his family since his firing.

Lauer and Roque met in 1997 and married in 1998. Their first child, Jack, was born in 2001, followed by Romy in 2004 and Thijs in 2006.

Roque previously filed for divorce while pregnant with Thijs, but the couple later reconciled.











President Donald Trump and members of his family wrapped up Christmas at their Mar-a-Lago club on Monday, while also spreading some holiday cheer by providing a feast to the various law enforcement and military service members protecting the first family during their visit.

"I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it's back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!" the president tweeted in the evening, after a day with his family.

Earlier on Christmas morning, the president and first lady Melania Trump released a video message, with Mrs. Trump saying "at this time of year, we see the best of American and the soul of the American people." President Trump added his own remarks, calling on Americans to "renew the bonds of love and good will between our citizens —and most importantly we celebrate the miracle of Christmas."

"For Christians we remember the story of Jesus, Mary and Joseph that began more than 2,000 years ago. As the book of Isaiah tells us, for to us a child is born, to us a son is given and the government will be on his shoulders and he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. This good news is the greatest Christmas gift of all, the reason for our joy and the true source of our hope."

His Monday remarks re-emphasized the Christmas comments he made on Sunday night, when he appeared to take credit for what he views as his successful role in making the holiday merry again.

"People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again," the president tweeted on Christmas Eve. "I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!"

Meanwhile, administration sources confirmed to Fox News that the president also provided and paid for hundreds of Christmas dinners served up to the U.S Secret Service agents and officers, military service members and Palm Beach County sheriff deputies who were working Christmas Day at Mar-a-Lago.

Described as a "Christmas feast," served in the Mar-a-Lago ballroom, the buffet meal included a menu of turkey, stuffing, potatoes and dessert. The buffet was offered from the early afternoon into the evening, in an effort to cover two of the shifts for security personnel working the holiday.

Earlier in the morning, the first lady snapped a festive and widely circulated selfie on social media. Using a Snapchat filter, the image showed her wearing a Santa hat with illuminated, flying reindeer and the caption #MerryChristmas.

The president had on otherwise quiet official day on Monday. He was briefed earlier in the day about a suicide bombing in Kabul, Afghanistan, that killed at least six people. The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack.


When he ran for the White House in 2016, Donald Trump promised to make America great again.

Late Sunday night, on what appeared to be a busy Christmas Eve at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, the president took a bow for what he views as his successful role in making Christmas merry again.

"People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again," the president tweeted shortly before 10 p.m. EST. "I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!"

Sunday's tweet seemed as if the president were claiming "mission accomplished" following some comments he made in October at the Family Research Council's Values Voter Summit in Washington.

"We're getting near that beautiful Christmas season that people don't talk about anymore. They don't use the word Christmas because it's not politically correct," the president said to cheers. "You go to department stores and they'll say 'Happy New Year,' or they'll say other things and it'll be red, they'll have it painted."

"Well, guess what? We're saying 'Merry Christmas' again."

Earlier Sunday, the president and first lady Melania Trump released an official photo, showing them making calls to children across the U.S. as part of the traditional NORAD tracking of Santa's annual trip around the globe.

The president and first lady each spoke to 11 children in all. The kids ranged in age from 5 to 12.

Trump also communicated to U.S. troops who were spending the holiday overseas.

"Today and every day, we're incredibly thankful for you and for your families," Trump told the troops via a video hook-up at Mar-a-Lago. "Your families have been tremendous. Always underappreciated, the military families. The greatest people on Earth."

The president was addressing members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard stationed in Qatar, Kuwait and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and patrolling the Strait of Hormuz in the Middle East.

The president complimented each branch of the armed forces, starting with the Army's "Iron Brigade" combat team in Kuwait, which he said is performing a "vital mission" by partnering with the Iraqi, Kuwaiti, Saudi Arabian and Jordanian armies.

He said a Kuwait-based, Marine Corps air-ground task force has provided more than 4,000 flight hours of close air support in the campaign against the Islamic State group, and he thanked sailors aboard the USS Sampson for defending "high-value assets" in the Strait of Hormuz.

Trump also singled out the Air Force's 69th Expeditionary Bomb Squadron in Qatar for engaging more than 700 IS and Taliban targets in five separate countries and winning two trophies in an Air Force bomb competition.

He showered the most praise on the Coast Guard, which impressed him with its rescue operations during a devastating hurricane season.

"You've done such an incredible job in Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico," Trump said. "Many Republicans are very happy but, I have to tell you, the people of Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico and lots of other states are even more happy. What a job you've done ... saved thousands and thousands of lives."

In closing, Trump offered thanks to those who are spending time away from their families to "defend all of our families, our freedoms and our pride."

"Every American heart is thankful to you and we're asking God to watch over you and to watch over your families," he said, before he asked journalists to leave the room so he could begin answering any service member questions.

"Every American heart is thankful to you and we're asking God to watch over you and to watch over your families." - President Donald Trump, in a Christmas Eve call to U.S. troops stationed overseas

Trump began the day by tweeting against a top FBI official he has suggested is biased against him, as well as the news media. The president also spent several hours playing golf at his private club in West Palm Beach.

Later, Trump ate Christmas Eve dinner with his family before attending worship services with the first lady at the Episcopal church in Palm Beach where they were married in 2005.

Fox News' Joseph Weber and the Associated Press contributed to this story.
Since the early days of his campaign for president, Donald Trump has received an enthusiastic response from crowds when talking about his concerns about Christmas.

"You go to stores, you don't see the word 'Christmas'," he said last year. "It says 'Happy Holidays' all over. I say, 'Where's Christmas?' I tell my wife, 'Don't go to those stores.' I want to see 'Christmas.'"

As president, Mr. Trump has made good on his promise to roundly and regularly talk about Christmas by name. In response, supporters have expressed their enthusiastic approval, with some even spelling out the Yuletide greeting of "Merry Christmas" in large letters at stadium rallies.

Loyalists call it a matter of truth - and a victory in the "War on Christmas."

Detractors call it a trope - a gimmicky and fabricated distraction to whip up popular support amongst the president's base.

To be sure, the holiday of Christmas has come a long way since that first starry night over two-thousand years ago. Today, the shepherds and wise men might be hard-pressed to recognize even the most devout celebration.

When I hear President Trump promising to make the phrase "Merry Christmas" popular and acceptable again, I find myself wondering if people truly appreciate the profound power and significance of the greeting itself.

In fact, in the early days of Christianity, Jesus' birth didn't receive much attention, if at all. As it was, the Church fathers were more interested in the day a person died than the day they were born.

That all began to change in the fourth century when Christian clergy repurposed the pagan celebration of the winter solstice and declared December 25th to be the day to honor Christ's birth. In other words, the choice of day was arbitrary. Basically resigned to the fact that people were going to celebrate anyway, it was an attempt to reclaim and redeem something secular for something divine.

Fast forward nearly two millennia to Christmas' modern-day trappings, and one might be hard-pressed to reconcile many of our beloved traditions with any deep spiritual roots. From brightly lit trees to Santa Claus and the frenzy of Black Friday shopping, there's no question that Christmas has grown more secular with time. Even an optimist would have difficulty refuting Lucy Van Pelt's 1965 lament in "A Charlie Brown Christmas" when she complained the holiday had become nothing more than "a big commercial racket."

So, when I hear President Trump promising to make the phrase "Merry Christmas" popular and acceptable again, I find myself wondering if people truly appreciate the profound power and significance of the greeting itself.

Said more bluntly, despite all the controversy his comments have stirred up, and assuming the president wants to restore an appreciation for the true meaning of Christmas to the public lexicon, is he going far enough in his campaign?

After all, Christmas is far more than a phrase or a greeting. Many assume the word "Christmas" refers to Jesus' birth - but the word's origin is actually rooted in Jesus' death. That's because the word "Christmas" comes from the word "Cristes Maesse," or the "Mass of Christ."

In the Christian context, "mass" is a death sacrifice. It's referring to Jesus' crucifixion on Good Friday and, of course, his glorious Resurrection on Easter Sunday. As Christians, we believe that Jesus' death pays the price for our sins, absorbing our guilt and in return, we share in His eternal glory. Put even more succinctly, my friend Dr. Tim Keller says, "Jesus lived the life we should have lived and died the death we deserved to die because of sin, so that God could accept us."

Of course, Christians aren't celebrating Easter on Christmas per se, but the fact of the matter is that without Christ's eventual Resurrection 33 years later, His birth in Bethlehem wouldn't be a story at all, let alone a holiday universally celebrated by the world's 2.3 billion followers of Jesus of Nazareth.

It is a good thing that we embrace the tried and traditional salutation of old, but may we never lose sight of the profound truth it contains. It was the writer C.S. Lewis who summed up the miracle best, suggesting that on Christmas we remember that "The son of God became a man to enable men to become sons of God." This is no small claim but it's one that Christians believe is not only true, but a truth that changes your life and mine.

So, from my family to your family, Merry Christmas!
Roseanne Barr took to Twitter to blast Lorde after the singer cancelled a performance in Israel scheduled for next summer following pressure from anti-Israel activists.

The New Zealand music star said in a statement that "the right decision at this time" was to cancel her June 2018 concert in Tel Aviv, which was announced earlier this month.

But Barr slammed her on Twitter:

"Boycott this bigot," Barr wrote. "Lorde caves to BDS pressure, cancels Israel concert."

Lorde's announcement followed calls by proponents of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement to cancel her performance over Israel's human rights record. Lorde joins artists including Roger Waters, Lauryn Hill and Elvis Costello in boycotting Israel over its treatment of Palestinians.

Lorde said that after having "lots of discussions" about the matter, "I'm not too proud to admit I didn't make the right call on this one," referring to her initial decision to hold the concert.

Lorde's cancellation was welcomed by members of the BDS movement. The Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel posted a statement on Twitter thanking the artist for "heeding appeals from your fans against Israel's art-washing of its brutal oppression of Palestinians."

Israeli Culture Minister Miri Regev said she hoped Lorde would reconsider her decision.

"Lorde, I expect you to be a pure heroine, like the title of your first album, a pure culture hero, free of any external - and if I may add, delusional - political considerations," Regev said in a statement.

The Israeli concert promoter responded to the cancellation, saying: "We forgive her."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A former Pace University history professor has come under fire for writing a children's book that claims "Christmas is a Palestinian festival" and that Jesus was an Abrahamic prophet born in a Palestinian city.

Golbarg Bashi's book "P is for Palestine" has been labeled an "incitement for terrorism" and "anti-Semitic propaganda." But the author told Fox News it's "a fun diverse children's rhyme book" that "tells a social justice story about Palestinian history and culture through each letter of the English alphabet."

Bashi, a "kids' author committed to BDS (Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions against Israel) and empowering, diversifying kids media," was heavily criticized for writing "I is for intifada" and calling intifada a "peaceful resistance."

UC BERKELEY JEWISH STUDENTS SAY UNIVERSITY PROTECTING LECTURER WHO PROMOTES ANTI-SEMITISM

But B for Bethlehem, C for Christmas, and J for Jesus also raised some flags - for another reason.

"As I have said repeatedly, I believe it is very important for American, Mexican, Canadian, Central and South American, British, Swedish and children from any region and nation whose most important holiday is Christmas to know that Christmas is a Palestinian festival, celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ, an Abrahamic Prophet who was born in Bethlehem, a Palestinian City," wrote Bashi.

"Americans' news media as well as American school books have never allowed this universal information to be passed on…" Bashi told Fox News, adding that Jesus was an Abrahamic prophet "according to the one Abrahamic religion that followed it - Islam."

She said that Jesus being born in a Palestinian city is "a universal truth denied to the American public." The page for Christmas claims Palestine is "Jesus Christ's country."

Bashi challenges any Christians who might find this offensive or historically inaccurate to "visit the Occupied Territories, attend a Palestinian church in either Bethlehem or Nazareth, and pray with their fellow Christian Palestinian sisters and brothers."

Bashi also posted a Facebook live video of herself with pro-Palestinian activists protesting and singing "anti-apartheid" Christmas carols to the tune of "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen."

"The IDF, it shoots to kill the children raising fists, Israel jails people for their words and daring to persist. Oh, justice for Palestinian women and men. The question is not if, but when."

Last month, Bashi came under fire for posting about the book in a mother's online group.

"I is for Intifada, Arabic for rising up for what is right, if you are a kid or grownup!" the book reads with an illustration of a child on her father's back standing in front of barbed wire sporting a peace sign.

The mother's online group, called UES Mommas, which has about 29,000 members of mostly moms from New York's Upper East Side, was forced to temporarily shut down because of the uproar over Bashi's book.

Intifada refers to the two Palestinian uprisings against Israel, in the '80s and early 2000s, that included numerous bombing, shooting, and stabbing attacks.

Bashi defends intifada as the "resistance and resilience against the global as well as the [United Nation's] condemnation of Israeli occupation of Palestine." She says it's a "daily component of Palestinian life" manifested in "carrying a Palestinian flag, wearing a Palestinian dress, cooking a Palestinian dish, and protecting a Palestinian olive tree from being bulldozed."

The book received an endorsement from Linda Sarsour, a controversial pro-Palestinian activist accused of enabling sexual assault and harassment in the workplace.

LINDA SARSOUR BLAMES 'JEWISH MEDIA' FOR HER CONTROVERSIAL REPUTATION

Critics have said the book should be outright banned from American bookstores.

Bashi dismissed those critics, saying they are just upset that "Palestine" is in the book's title.

While Bashi told Fox News she is a "part-time adjunct professor of history at Pace University" since 2014, a spokesperson for Pace University said she is no longer employed by or has been teaching at the university since 2015.
A coalition of Jewish and pro-Israel students at the University of California, Berkeley, are calling for swift action against a lecturer's "promotion of hatred and intolerance."

Ethnic Studies lecturer and Students for Justice in Palestine founder, Hatem Bazian, was blasted for anti-Semitic retweets in a letter co-signed by several groups, including the Chabad Jewish Student Group at UC Berkeley, Bears for Israel, Berkeley Hillel and Tikvah: Students for Israel.

"While we fully support academic freedom and free speech, we believe Bazian's record is severe enough to warrant more than just condemnation," the students said in the letter. "We also know that there is a precedent for the removal of non-tenured faculty who promote hate on social media and elsewhere. Oberlin College fired professor Joy Karega, following an investigation into anti-Semitic statements she made on social media, a University of Tampa professor was fired for suggesting that Hurricane Harvey was 'karma' for the state of Texas, and a John Jay College professor was suspended for tweeting about 'dead cops.'"

The tweets mocked Hassidic Jews, with one saying "Mom, look! I is chosen! I can now kill, rape, smuggle organs and steal the land of Palestinians 'Yay' #Ashke-Nazi." Another had an image of North Korea's leader wearing a yarmulke with the words "God chose me," "101 Judaism we teach it," and the message: "I just converted all of North Korea to Judaism. Donald Tlump (sic): Now my nukes are legal and I can annex South Korea and you need to start paying me 34 billion a year in welfare."

Bazian issued an apology for retweeting the images "without giving it much thought," noting it popped up because of "a number of pro-Israel groups" highlighted it.

"I take responsibility for my words and statements and stand by my own work relative to Palestine, BDS and opposition to Zionism and settler colonialism and those who take issue on the content of my scholarship and work are welcome to disagree and offer a defense of their point of view in the open market of ideas," Bazian wrote.

The university promptly condemned the lecturer's "unacceptable anti-Semitism" that "clearly crossed the line." But the students believe that doesn't go far enough, and that the university should cut all ties with Bazian.

"While I believe that the university condemning Bazian's actions is a great first step in combatting this issue, I don't think enough was done to make sure it does not happen again," Adah Forer, co-president of Tikvah: Students for Israel, told Fox News.

In a letter to the administration, the students said Bazian has a track record of anti-Semitism, going back as far as 2002, when he insinuated Jews control UC Berkeley: "A classic anti-Semitic trope about Jewish power," the groups wrote. He also compared Israelis with Nazis in 2014, and, in May of this year, he shared a video claiming that "Israeli soldiers killed young Palestinians for their organs." As Chairman of American Muslims for Palestine, or AMP, the groups point out, "Bazian heads an organization whose leaders and speakers have spread racism, homophobia, and genocide denial."

"If such vile racism was spread targeting a different group - be it black, Hispanic, or Muslim - the university administration would have already taken disciplinary action," Forer said. "The double standard against attacks on the Jewish community is fully evident here. I am also highly concerned by what propaganda Hatem Bazian, an official lecturer at our university, spreads in the lecture hall to my peers, unchallenged and through an official university platform."

The university said administrators have offered to meet with the Jewish student groups to listen to their concerns and make sure the college leaders "improve our campus climate for Jewish students," said Oscar Dubón, vice chancellor for Equity & Inclusion.
The first lady snapped a festive selfie as she celebrates Christmas at the "Winter White House."

Melania Trump posted the photo of herself on social media using a Christmas Snapchat filter that showed her wearing a Santa hat with illuminated, flying reindeer and the caption #MerryChristmas.

The first family is celebrating Christmas at their Mar-A-Lago estate in Florida.

The Santa-hat selfie -- which has since had thousands of retweets -- followed a slew of images showing the first couple getting in the Christmas spirit. The White House earlier released a photo on Christmas Eve of President Trump and the first lady making phone calls to children across the U.S. as part of the traditional NORAD tracking of Santa's trip around the globe.

"POTUS and I had fun helping children track Santa tonight," the first lady tweeted. "Wishing everyone a wonderful Christmas Eve."

Late Sunday night, the president also took some credit for bringing back the phrase, Merry Christmas.

"People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again," the president tweeted shortly before 10 p.m. EST. "I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!"

Trump released a Christmas message on Monday as well, posting a video to Twitter in which he said: "In the season of joy, we spend time with our families, we renew the bonds of love and goodwill between our citizens and most importantly we celebrate the miracle of Christmas.

"For Christians we remember the story of Jesus, Mary and Joseph that began more than 2,000 years ago. As the book of Isaiah tells us, for to us a child is born, to us a son is given and the government will be on his shoulders and he will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. This good news is the greatest Christmas gift of all, the reason for our joy and the true source of our hope."

The president tweeted again Monday evening.

"I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it's back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated!"

MELANIA MOCKED OVER WHITE HOUSE CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS

The Trumps received a standing ovation upon their arrival at the Christmas Eve service at The Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea.

A recent Gallup poll revealed that Melania Trump's favorability has increased 17 points since January to 54 percent.
President Trump boasted Sunday that his party's base is "big" and "strong," despite the "fake news" refusing to acknowledge such support -- part of a busy Christmas Eve that included a teleconference with U.S. military leaders abroad, tracking Santa Claus on NORAD and playing a round of golf.

"The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is," Trump tweeted, two days after signing a tax reform bill for his first major legislative victory. "They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"

He later tweeted: "The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don't let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!"

Also Sunday, he retweeted a meme posted by a supporter showing the president with a splattered CNN logo on the bottom of his shoe.

First lady Melania Trump led the NORAD tracking via phones with children, as part of the tradition.

One of the president's calls was with a child from Virginia named "Casper," who asked for building blocks for Christmas. Then they discussed Santa's precise location -- Cameroon.

Trump then spoke with "Ryan," a 5-year-old who just wants his grandma to get out of the hospital for Christmas.

The president and first lady each spoke to 11 children in all. The kids ranged in age from 5 to 12.

Trump earlier Sunday spoke with top brass in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard, wishing them a "Merry Christmas" and saying that Americans appreciate their and their families' service and sacrifice.

Trump also left his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach for a round of golf, for the second straight day, at the nearby Trump International Golf Club, before tweeting again about fake news.
It's hard to believe that Dec. 18, 2017, marked the 30th anniversary of my dad's death.

I woke up early that day and made the drive from my home in Woodstock, Va., to Monticello Memorial Park near Charlottesville. It's a stunning cemetery that rests in the shadows of Thomas Jefferson's similarly stunning home.

There I sat, the sun rising and marching across a dry field of graves. I tap-tap-tapped these words onto my iPhone as tears filled my eyes like an unattended kitchen sink.

They spilled over, but I didn't care. Not this time.

There's so much work to do, no doubt, but thank heaven I'm not still the boy who heard that last "goodbye."

Yes, at this special spot, cheeks tingling in the crisp Christmastime air, I celebrated the 30th anniversary of a painful loss. But this year, there's something different about these tears.

Pondering the three decades since the Dec. 18 that changed me and my family, I finally resurrected a bit of truth: While all tears look the same, they fall with different names.

These December tears aren't just about grief. Sure, a few might be named and dedicated to missing the man who shaped me in many ways. But those tears were outnumbered this year.

I had tears of satisfaction at all I've learned since his passing. Rather than stop the journey, I've looked for opportunities to grow and improve, to polish away rough edges. There's so much work to do, no doubt, but thank heaven I'm not still the boy who heard that last "goodbye."

I cried tears of gratitude at how the years have taught me to better appreciate and honor the goodness of my mother. She'd be the first to say she's not perfect, but I'd be the first to say she sure is trying.

I felt tears of loyalty, too. My siblings have been so fiercely loyal to me and to one another since that dark December night. I might not be alive today without them.

There were also tears of deep love for my own family. How blessed am I that, for nearly 25 years, my wife has caught and shared tears of every kind? She's so lovely, so loyal, such a friend. She'll be first in line to embrace Dad when the time comes, and to swap stories of wild antics.

Other tears were named joy for my children — because that's what they bring me. They make mistakes, they've made me gray, but they sure know how to love. My oldest will be married on Dec. 23 in the Lord's house, and while his name won't appear on a reception guestbook, I know my dad and many others on all branches of our family tree will be paying close attention.

But the tears that led the way this year ought to be named for the one we all worship. My Savior has been so good to me. He's taught me, forgiven me, then forgiven me again. He's given me scripture, prophets and apostles, talents and gifts, a gospel and a road map home.

Because of his birth, his ministry, his blood, his death, his Resurrection and his Restoration, I will one day cry another kind of tear when my father bursts the bands of death and rises again, along with every single one of us.

An hour after I arrived at the cemetery, the sun set the frost back to bed, and I had a decision to make.

I could pray, cry a few more tears and remember a few more years. Or I could say goodbye, walk back to my car and remind myself he's not really there anyway.

And if he were? He'd say with a wise wink, "I love you. Now get back to work. You've got a book to write."

Merry Christmas.
The most wonderful time of the year is not without its headaches and stressors. Each year we rush to buy gifts, decorate our homes, attend parties, wrap presents, whip up desserts, and navigate family meals and gatherings. All of this with as much cheer and as little pain as possible.

To top it off, there are endless television commercials, website articles, and mall advertisements telling us what to buy, how to decorate, and which foods to fix if we want to have a happy Christmas. It all seems so complicated.

But there are some very simple ways for families to experience the warmth and wonder of Christmas without overextending our budgets, stressing ourselves and missing out on the peace and beauty that should characterize this season. Here are three things every parent can do to make the Christmas experience what it ought to be:

Tell the Christmas story in a way that warms your children's hearts.

Nothing is more important than gathering the family to tell the story of a God who loves us so much that he came to live among us (Luke 2). Nothing is more heartwarming than knowing that the babe in a manger grew up to be the Savior of the world (John 3). Nothing is more crucial than understanding that this Savior suffered for us on a cross, rose from the dead and will return one day to set the world aright.

When we tell this story, we teach our children the true meaning of Christmas. We teach them that they can and should trust Christ. As Sally Lloyd-Jones puts it, Jesus' love is a "never stopping, never giving up, unbreakable, always and forever love."

When God chose to be born as a child, he was also choosing a way of life in which one day he would suffer and die on a cross to pay the penalty for our sins. If he is willing to suffer on our behalf, we and our children can trust him with our circumstances and concerns.

So, let's teach our children about Jesus, encouraging them to tap into the deep reservoirs of his love so that his love will flow through us toward others. God's gift to us is that he was willing to be born in a stable, wrapped in rough cloth, and cradled in a feeding trough. There was no depth too low, no distance too far, no sacrifice too great.

With Jesus as our example, we can learn to value others instead of self, to give rather than take, to sacrifice rather than hoard.

Tell the Santa story in a way that connects to the Christmas story.

Even though the Santa myth is not true in the same way the Christmas story is true, we can tell the Santa story in a way that helps our children understand certain realities about God and ourselves.

By allowing our children to imagine a Santa who travels from the North Pole to offer presents even to children who do not deserve them, we can draw an analogy with God who came from heaven to Earth to give us what we could never earn or deserve.

By telling the myth of St. Nicholas, who loved the children and gave them presents without expecting anything in return, we help their little hearts understand that God gives himself to us even though we really have nothing to give in return.

So, instead of replacing the Santa story with cold hard facts (Santa does not exist!) or letting corporations hijack Christmas by turning it into a retail event, we can use it as a warm and wonderful resource to teach our children truths about God and ourselves.

Start some simple traditions that enact the meaning of Christmas.

As we center our family's Christmas on the Jesus story and illustrate it with the Santa story, we can take advantage of an invaluable opportunity to build family traditions and create memories that flow from the meaning of Christmas.

Think about it. It would be odd, wouldn't it, if our Christmas stories focused on loving and sacrificing while our Christmas habits focused exclusively on hoarding and consuming?

So, let's focus on loving others and serving them. Buy a gift for a needy child in another country. Invite a lonely neighbor into your home for a Christmas celebration. Sing carols at a homeless shelter or senior citizen's home. Participate in an Angel Tree ministry for children whose parents are incarcerated. Make Christmas gifts or ornaments for an elderly person whose children live far away.

The specific activities don't matter as much as the big point: we want to create traditions that focus on Christ and allow us to be conduits of his love for others.

The truth is that the holidays rarely live up to the expectations we set in our minds and imaginations. There will be mess ups in the kitchen, arguments with family members, last minute changes. But that's OK.

Instead of aspiring to the type of "perfect" Christmas that puts its hopes in elaborate decorations, plentiful gifts, or perfect family conditions, let's make it simpler and better. Let's focus on celebrating the babe from Bethlehem, enjoying the Santa story, and starting family traditions that embody the meaning of Christmas.
Calling it "a big step in the right direction," U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Sunday night announced a historic reduction in the U.N. biennial operating budget.

Haley said the plan calls for a $285 million cut for the 2018-19 fiscal year.

"The inefficiency and overspending of the United Nations are well known," Haley said. "We will no longer let the generosity of the American people be taken advantage of or remain unchecked."

The inefficiency and overspending of the United Nations are well known. We will no longer let the generosity of the American people be taken advantage of or remain unchecked." - Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations

She added, "This historic reduction in spending - in addition to many other moves toward a more efficient and accountable U.N. - is a big step in the right direction."

The U.N. budget now covers a two-year period, beginning in January of an even-numbered year.

TRUMP PUTS HIS UN MONEY WHERE HIS MOUTH IS

The United States was seeking a $250 million cut to the U.N. budget for 2018-19, on top of $200 million in savings already proposed by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Agence France-Presse reported two weeks ago.

Guterres has proposed capping the U.N. biennial budget at $5.4 billion, shaving off $200 million from the 2016-17 budget.

The U.S. pays about 22 percent of the U.N.'s budget, or roughly $3.3 billion, and fully 28 percent of its peacekeeping effort.

The U.N.'s operating budget is separate from its peacekeeping budget, which was cut by $600 million this year, under pressure from President Donald Trump, AFP reported.

Trump last week threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor of a draft U.N. resolution calling for the U.S. to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.

The final tally was 128-9, with 35 nations abstaining, including five members of the European Union.

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley sent an invitation Thursday to the 65 countries who didn't vote against the United States in the U.N. General Assembly vote to denounce President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.

The invitation to the Jan. 3 reception marked a symbolic step of the U.S. taking note of who supports the country and who doesn't.

Haley's email invitation, which has been obtained by Fox News, asks the nations who voted no, abstained from voting or didn't cast a vote "to a reception to thank you for your friendship to the United States."

The General Assembly voted 128-9, with 35 abstentions, in favor of declaring Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital "null and void." 21 countries were absent during the vote.

Earlier Thursday, Haley, who has adopted an aggressive stance at the world body on U.S. priorities, took to Twitter to voice her appreciation to the countries who didn't vote against the U.S. "for not falling to the irresponsible ways of the @UN."

"The Trump administration needs to use this as a fulcrum to look at funding of the U.N. system more broadly," former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton said on Fox News' "The Story" Thursday night.

On Wednesday, Trump linked the UN vote to the future of assistance from the U.S. to foreign countries, telling reporters: "Let them vote against us. We'll save a lot. We don't care."

Haley added the U.S. would be "taking names."

Fox News' Ben Evansky and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A California Highway Patrol officer was struck and killed by a suspected drunk driver on Christmas Eve, officials said.

Officer Andrew Camilleri, 33, was in the passenger seat of a parked patrol car when the vehicle was hit around 11:20 p.m. Sunday on the San Francisco Bay Area highway.

Camilleri was in the patrol car with Officer Jonathan Velasquez, who was sitting in the driver's seat and suffered minor injuries in the crash.

The 33-year-old officer was transported to St. Rose Hospital in Hayward where he was pronounced dead.

The California Highway Patrol said the driver who struck the officers' vehicle was 22 years old and under the influence of alcohol and possibly marijuana. The unidentified driver was also returning from a party.

Assistant Chief Ernest Sanchez said the driver was traveling at a high speed on Interstate 880 when he slammed into the back of the patrol car parked on the right shoulder. The crash shut down southbound lanes of the highway for hours.

Camilleri began his career with the California Highway Patrol just last year on August 27, 2016, officials said.

He leaves behind a wife and three children who expected him to be home to open Christmas presents, the Los Angeles Times reported.

"We offer our thoughts and prayers to his family, friends and colleagues as we collectively mourn this heartbreaking tragedy," the CHP Golden Gate Division said Monday.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A North Korean ambassador to the United Nations says the U.S. claim that Pyongyang was behind the Wannacry ransomware attack earlier this year is a baseless provocation and demanded Washington back up its accusations with evidence.

The North's U.N. ambassador in charge of U.S.-related issues says North Korea believes Washington is using the allegation to create an "extremely confrontational atmosphere."

Pak Song Il told The Associated Press in a telephone interview from New York late Monday: "If they are so sure, show us the evidence."

The WannaCry ransomware attack infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide and crippled parts of Britain's National Health Service in May.
A bizarre scene unfolded in Vatican City on Christmas Day when a topless female activist, while screaming "God is woman," attempted to snatch a baby Jesus statue from a Nativity scene — but was quickly whisked away by police as she lunged for it.

The woman, who also had "God is woman" painted in black on her bare back, was seen jumping over a guardrail and charging toward the Nativity scene in St. Peter's Square, Reuters reported.

She was later identified as Alisa Vinogradova and a "sextremist" by Femen, a Ukraine activist group whose goal is to gain "complete victory over patriarchy," according to its website. Femen said its mission is "protest" and its weapons are "bare breasts."

"FEMEN considers the anti-war policy of the Vatican a rough medieval attack on the freedom of women and their natural rights," it wrote in its blog about the incident. "FEMEN encourages women to follow the example of the movement and kidnap babies from religious denominations, thus, stating their right to use of their own body!"

Vinogradova got her hands on the statue, but police caught her before she was able to dash away. She was detained.

The incident happened about two hours before 50,000 people watched Pope Francis give his Christmas message in St. Peter's Square, Reuters reported.

Women with the group have previously staged similar protests, according to Reuters. A Femen activist was able to run away with the baby Jesus statue out of a crib on Christmas Day 2014, but was eventually caught and arrested.
United Airlines has apologized and given a $500 travel voucher to a passenger who accused the airline of giving her first-class seat to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee, a Houston Democrat.

WOMAN CLAIMS UNITED GAVE HER SEAT TO DEMOCRAT REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE

An airline spokeswoman said Monday that its internal systems show the passenger, Jean-Marie Simon, canceled her Dec. 18 seat from Houston to Washington, D.C. after a weather delay.

Simon denies that she canceled the flight. She was given a seat in Economy Plus on the flight, and told the Houston Chronicle she saw Jackson Lee sitting in the seat that was assigned to her.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

United says it upgraded Jackson Lee automatically and not because she was a member of Congress. The congresswoman says in a statement that she didn't ask for anything "exceptional or out of the ordinary."
TOMI LAHREN'S FINAL THOUGHTS COMMENTARIES ARE EXCLUSIVELY ON FOX NEWS INSIDER.

Tomi: Media Refuses to Talk About Any Trump Achievements

Tim Scott Hits Back at Blogger for Calling Him a 'Manipulated Prop' at Tax Remarks

It's time for a special Christmas edition of Final Thoughts. It may be winter, but it's still melting season…snowflake melting season, that is.

Uh oh, have I already offended you?

In Britain for example, a new survey by insurance firm Aviva found that 72 percent of 16 to 24-year-olds there believe the term "snowflake" is unfairly applied to millennials. 74 percent of respondents took it a step farther, arguing that they believe the use of the label could have a negative effect on young people's mental health.

And that my friends, is special snowflake syndrome at its finest.

So what is a snowflake? Well, allow me to explain.

Tomi: 'Mueller Probe Isn't an Investigation, It's a Witch Hunt'

Rosie O'Donnell Offers $2 Million to GOP Senators to Vote Against Tax Bill

If you spend more time occupying the streets in "protest" than you occupy a shower, or a job, you're a snowflake.

If you've convinced yourself that despite any actual evidence, Russia somehow stole the election from Hillary, you are a snowflake.

If your favorite arts and crafts projects consist of knitting pink hats in the shape of a reproductive organs or scribbling "Resist" on a cardboard sign, you are a snowflake.

If choosing between two gender options seems unfair to you, you are a snowflake.

If you demand a safe space from conservative speakers but think it's perfectly acceptable to burn and smash up your own campus in protest, you are a snowflake - a violent snowflake - but a snowflake nonetheless.

If you think that you, by virtue of being born, deserve a participation trophy, you are a snowflake.

If you think someone else should pay for your college education, you are a snowflake. There is no such thing as "free." It's not free if your neighbor pays for it.

If you think borders, walls, and immigration laws are mean, you are a snowflake.

If recognizing the "Islam" in radical Islamic terrorism offends you, you are a snowflake.

If you think an AR-15 is a military assault rifle, you are a snowflake.

If you have never bought, shot, or touched a firearm but insist you are an expert on gun policy, you are a snowflake, and terribly misinformed.

If the American flag and the National Anthem offend you, you are a snowflake and you should take your snowflake booty and relocate to another country since you clearly don't appreciate this one.

If a simple Christmas greeting sends you into a PC orbit, you are a snowflake.

And last but not least, if you are more concerned with what our president tweets than the great things he's doing for jobs, GDP, the stock market, border and national security, you are for dang sure a snowflake.

It's time to wake up and realize you are special to your parents, not anyone else. You need to get over the notion that the worst thing that can happen to you is hurt feelings.

If you sit back and wait for someone to offend you, you're not living a very full or productive life. Dry your tears, accept reality, and get to work. If you don't like the way your life is going, change it. Life is tough, get a helmet.

Those are my final thoughts. From LA, God Bless and Merry Christmas.
The good news for many in the Northeast and Midwest is that it's a white Christmas. The bad news is a blizzard swept into parts of New England and bitter cold enveloped much of the Midwest.

Motorists in New England were in for tough sledding as a Christmas storm was expected to bring nearly a foot of snow in places. A blizzard warning was issued Monday for portions of central and northern Maine, and part of the New Hampshire coast. Forecasters warned that snow of up to 10 inches and wind gusts up to 50 mph could make travel "dangerous to impossible."

A band of states from eastern Montana and the Dakotas to Wisconsin were expecting wind chill temperatures in places at 30 to 40 below zero according to the National Weather Service.

The upper half of Iowa and northern Illinois also braced for subzero temperatures. Temperatures in Chicago were expected to fall to a degree or two below zero overnight.

Snow amounts in the Midwest were not large for this time of year. A storm system that swept from Nebraska through Iowa dropped around 2 inches of snow on Chicago, the weather service said.

That was just enough to provide a picturesque backdrop for those gathering for Christmas dinners. But it wasn't enough to cause havoc either on roadway or airport runaways.

Chicago's O'Hare International Airport was reporting just six cancelations and average delays of only 15 minutes around noon Monday. There were no cancellations at the city's other major airport, Midway, and delays were less than 15 minutes on average.

The nation's third largest city had comparatively little snow for the season until the weekend — just over 2 inches in all, said Ricky Castro, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service. So, snow-lovers were pleased.

"It's a more wintry feel for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, with a cold week ahead," Castro said.

In addition to slowing travel in New England, the storm was responsible for some power outages. Eversource reported more than 20,000 customers in eastern Massachusetts without electricity, the bulk on Cape Cod which was feeling the brunt of strong winds.

Most of Indiana had been under winter weather advisory with officials urging motorists to stay put unless they absolutely had to travel. Northern Indiana had been expecting up to 5 inches with slightly less in the southern part of the state.

New England was expected to get up to 8 inches of snow. Strong winds were predicted for Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island with gusts up to 65 mph.

Mountain areas in parts of Colorado, Montana and Wyoming received more than 1 foot of snow, which started Saturday. It was good news for holiday skiers and resorts which have struggled with a slow start this season.

But it meant a heightened warning of avalanches in higher elevations outside of ski areas.
A Chinese court has sentenced a prominent activist known as the Ultra Vulgar Butcher to eight years in prison for subversion.

The Tianjin No. 2 Intermediate People's Court found activist Wu Gan guilty of subverting state power and handed down his sentence Tuesday.

Wu was among the first activists and lawyers caught up in an intense crackdown by authorities that began in 2015. His case was heard in court in August after detention of more than two years.

Vaguely defined subversion charges are frequently leveled against human rights activists and perceived political foes of China's ruling Communist Party.

Wu had become known for attention-grabbing campaigns. In one, he posed for online portraits brandishing knives that he said he would use to "slaughter the pigs" among local officials who'd done wrong.
Actress Heather Menzies-Urich who famously played Louisa von Trapp in the 1965 hit film "The Sound of Music" has died at age 68.

Heather, who was also the widow of actor Robert Urich, had very recently been diagnosed with brain cancer, according to her son Ryan Urich.

He said his mother died on Christmas Eve, surrounded by her children and family members.

"She was an actress, a ballerina and loved living her life to the fullest," Urich said.

"She was not in any pain but, nearly four weeks after her diagnosis of terminal brain cancer, she had enough and took her last breath on this Earth at 7.22pm."

Among those to pay tribute were Kym Karath, who played her sister Gretl in the musical -- which went on to win 10 Oscars.

Born in Toronto, her first screen credit came in the TV series "The Farmer's Daughter" in 1964.

Click for more from The Sun.
It's unclear if Santa himself made any deliveries to the NASA astronauts on the International Space Station (ISS) in time for Christmas Day.

After all, such a journey would entail his reindeer whizzing up to 17,500 miles an hour - without air - to reach the crew hovering 250 miles above the Earth.

But there were at least some gifts floating under - or over, or besides, depending on one's perspective - the tree inside the station for those celebrating the holiday far ... very far, from home. A Cygnus cargo spacecraft arrived last month carrying presents from family members, all wrapped and ready for Christmas day.

So what's involved in a jolly holiday in space? American NASA astronauts Joe Acaba, Mark Vande Hei and Scott Tingle spent their day relaxing with fellow Expedition 54 members Anton Shkaplerov, and Alexander Misurkin, both Russians, and Japanese astronaut Norishige Kanai. A smiling Vande Hei even tweeted out a picture of himself floating about in a Santa hat below some stuffed stockings.

"We have packages and gifts from our families and friends," Shkaplerov assured the press on Dec. 16, in a prelaunch press briefing before taking off for the ISS.

TRUMP WANTS TO SEE NASA BOOTS ON THE MOON

The Christmas Day agenda for the astronauts - who were granted the day off, meaning no scientific experiments or tests were required - involved talking to their families and enjoying a special meal, NASA spokesperson Dan Huot told Space.com.

While this year's menu wasn't unveiled, last year's merry feast featured turkey, corn-bread stuffing, hot cocoa and gingerbread cookies.

Two days before Christmas, the crew orbiting earth gathered around a projector screen for a special screening of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi," during which Hei tweeted a picture of the "Space Station movie night, complete with 'bungee cord chairs,' drink bags, and a science fiction flick!"

The Expedition 54 crewmembers are focusing how cells change in space, and a few days before Christmas collected their own blood samples for further analysis. The crew will complete some 250 different experiments during their exploration for this mission, which ends in June.
WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS GRAPHIC IMAGES

A four-month-old infant who was viciously mauled and dragged by a raccoon last week in a Philadelphia apartment will get a new "safe and secure" home to live in after she leaves the hospital — thanks to an outpouring of donations, the baby's uncle said.

Journi Black was sleeping in her bed last Wednesday when a raccoon managed to get into the home, drag the infant out of bed and attack her. Journi's uncle, Kenneth McDuffie, told Philly.com on Christmas Eve that the overwhelming amount of donations to the infant's GoFundMe page during Christmastime ensured the family could get a safe and secure home to prevent another incident.

"It will be safe. It will be secure. It will be wildlife- and rodent-free, a place where they are comfortable and they are safe," McDuffie told Philly.com. "We can't always predict what is going to happen in the future, but we want to make sure that [Rodgers] and her family are safe."

The GoFundMe page raised more than $16,000 within three days, with the goal initially set to $2,000. More than 520 people have contributed to the fundraiser as of Monday afternoon. Journi's mother, Ashley Rodgers, reportedly said that she was overwhelmed by the support and that people have dropped off gifts for her daughter to help the family celebrate Christmas.

"I'm good. She's good," Rodgers reportedly said.

She also posted a Christmas update on the GoFundMe page with the caption: "Merry Christmas! Thank you all for outpouring of love & support. Baby Journi is enjoying all the gift s You all really know how to make a girl feel special. Peace & Blessings to you and your family on this glorious day!"

Journi is still in the hospital recovering from her injuries as of Monday. It's still unclear when she will be released.

Rodgers told FOX29 Philadelphia earlier that she had just left the bed Wednesday night to take her 6-year-old son, Jordan, to the bathroom when the mauling happened.

"She was laying on the floor — across the room — blood all over her face and her PJs," Rodgers said.

PHILADELPHIA INFANT VICIOUSLY ATTACKED BY RACCOON IN APARTMENT

The baby was rushed to the hospital where she received 65 stitches in her face. Doctors said the baby's recovery could take up to a year.

Rodgers moved her children to the one-room apartment a few days before the vicious attack. Tenants in the building have previously complained about a raccoon infestation. Rodgers said the apartment, which cost $375 a month for rent, was all she could afford for her family.

"It needs to be shut down. Everybody needs to leave out of there," Rodgers said.

Rodgers said she intended to seek legal action following the attack.

"It is [the landlord's] responsibility. There's no reason an animal should have gotten into the house with minors," Samuel Black, the girl's father, said.

Fox News' Kathleen Joyce contributed to this report.
An emotional military homecoming video is going viral on Twitter, showing a mother getting a Christmas surprise she'll never forget.

The minute-long video shows a mother unwrapping a body-length mirror.

At first, she looks at it with little reaction.

Then, her smile turns into a scream of excitement as she notices her daughter -- who returned from the Navy -- standing behind her in the reflection.

"Surprised my mom for Christmas," her daughter wrote on Twitter. "She looked in the mirror and saw her present."

The video has been watched over 2.5 million times.

REUNITED WITH A HERO: HERE ARE SOME OF OUR FAVORITE MILITARY HOMECOMINGS OF THE PAST YEAR

People on Twitter responded with crying and heart emojis and expressions of thanks for her military service.

"Thank You for your service! This is awesome, hope you have a great Christmas!" one user tweeted.
I love Christmas. So much so, my family has placed strict limits on how soon I can start listening to Christmas music. My son once wrote a short essay for school, titled "The Attack of The Early-Christmas Dad."

But while I love Christmas - the celebration of God's love for us - I do not like the materialistic orgy it has become. It reminds me of a quote attributed to Gandhi: "I like your Christ. I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ."

Even if Gandhi didn't actually speak those words, they certainly ring true. Especially at this time of year, when Americans - Christian and heathen alike - will each spend an average of $660 on gifts and then return $250-plus billion worth of them, including nearly one-third of all online purchases, right after Christmas.

I realize that by questioning the tradition of gift-giving, I risk coming off like Luther Krank, Tim Allen's character in "Christmas With the Kranks." One Christmas, he tells everyone - family, friends, co-workers - he's not going to be giving or accepting any gifts, whereupon … well, let's just say, it doesn't go well for him.

I've avoided Luther's unpleasant fate by being more diplomatic, gently spreading the word among family and friends that I really don't need or want anything for Christmas, except their continued love. And I'm not alone. According to a new Harris poll, seven out of ten Americans say they'd happily give up gift-giving, if their loved ones went along with it.

According to the same survey, nearly half of us feel "pressured" to spend more on gifts than we can afford. Moreover, NerdWallet says that 56 percent of Americans went into debt buying gifts last Christmas; and many - including 24 percent of millennials - are this very minute still digging out of the hole.

I didn't always feel this virtuously about the celebration of Christ's birth. As a correspondent at ABC News, I loved receiving the network's generous Christmastime gifts. One year, when Nightline's executive producer, Tom Bettag, sent me a holiday card explaining that, in lieu of a gift, the show had made a charitable donation in my name, I was bummed. I felt cheated.

This many years later, I prize Tom's spirit of giving and try emulating it. For instance, my family and I keep an ear out all year for specific needs in our community that might make for meaningful Christmas presents - such as a cord of firewood for a neighbor who uses a potbelly stove to keep her house warm all winter.

I asked some of my beloved colleagues for their favorite alternatives to mindless gift-giving, and here's what they said:

* (Joan Lunden) We give promissory notes for kindnesses we're happy to provide. "Bosses could bring in a fitness instructor or massage therapist to the office … the gift of health to their employees."

* (Chaz Corzine, Michael W. Smith's manager) From the St. Jude Christmas Gift Catalog, we give things "like a chemo treatment for a child in need."

* (Dr. Ted Baehr, founder of Movieguide) We give our friends a full-blown Christmas service at our house.

To which my friends and family add:

* We encourage our kids and grandkids to give us the gift of time together.

* We send letters to people in our lives, describing things we admire about them.

* We host special dinners for friends, to share the love and lights of Christmas.

* We contribute to charities that help the families of prisoners.

* We give the gift of clean water to people who don't have it.

If more of us bought into these suggestions instead of today's holiday rat race, we might make believers of Gandhi-like skeptics. More importantly, we'd be helping put Christ back into Christmas.
Mark and Lynn Wivell, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, believe that Jesus is the reason for the season.

So they decided to include a beautiful sign that read, "JESUS" in their outdoor Christmas decorations.

Click here for a free subscription to Todd's newsletter: a must-read for Conservatives!

A few days later they received an email from the homeowner's association asking them to remove the sign. One of their neighbors had complained that the "JESUS" display was offensive.

"We know that Christmas was about the birth of Jesus," Mr. Wivell told the Evening Sun newspaper. "I was quite shocked it offended somebody, but I guess in today's world I shouldn't have been."

While the neighbor objected to the offensive nature of the sign, the homeowner's association had a completely different concern. They argued that the "JESUS" display was a sign - and signs are not permitted.

Continue reading at ToddStarnes.com.
Democrats are convinced they will win a majority and take control the House of Representatives in 2018. Big business could prevent that from happening.

Bank of America sent an email to employees Friday from CEO Brian Moynihan highlighting the bank's 2017 achievements and saying that because the bank will benefit from the GOP tax cut legislation "we intend to pass some of those benefits along immediately. U.S. employees making up to $150,000 per year in total compensation - about 145,000 teammates - will receive a one-time bonus of $1,000 by year-end."

Moynihan joins numerous other corporate leaders announcing year-end benefits tied to the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that President Trump signed into law Friday.

AT&T said it would pay $1,000 bonuses to as many as 200,000 workers at year end, and invest an extra $1 billion building out its infrastructure. Comcast also announced $1,000 bonuses for more than 100,000 employees, and said it planned to spend over $50 billion over the next five years on capital projects.

Fifth Third Bancorp said it would raise pay for employees earning the minimum wage to $15 an hour and pay bonuses to 13,500 workers. Boeing and Wells Fargo announced other measures to share the bounty of forthcoming tax cuts.

Democrats are going to have a hard time arguing that the tax bill was a disaster when paychecks rise and many see unexpected bonuses. They will have to revert to Plan B, which is the promise to impeach President Trump.

Democrats have derided these moves as a publicity stunt. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., put out a statement saying the bonuses and pay hikes were "the exception, not the rule, when it comes to the biggest corporations spending their windfall." How does he know? He doesn't; he's just hoping that the trickle of good news doesn't swell into a torrent. Nothing undermines a negative narrative faster than cold, hard cash.

If U.S. corporate leaders are smart, and most are, they will ensure that those hundreds of thousands benefitting from Bank of America, Comcast, AT&T and other companies' reactions to the tax bill become several million in the months ahead. American business leaders campaigned for tax cuts; they claimed that lower rates and the opportunity to economically repatriate foreign-held cash would spur investment and help workers. Let's see them make good on those claims.

C-suite managers are optimistic about their companies' prospects, in part because they see a business-friendly face in the White House for the first time in eight years. If they want that environment to persist, they should support the tax overhaul by passing some of the gains along to their employees. In a very public way.

That support could slow Democrats' effort to reclaim the House. The New York Times, often wrong but never in doubt, says that 2018 is shaping up to be a "punishing election year," mainly because the GOP tax bill is unpopular. But the legislation polls poorly mainly because House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California, Schumer and other Democrats have misrepresented the bill.

Specifically, Pelosi says the GOP bill "raises taxes on 86 million middle-class households." Pelosi's claim hinges on the fact that 10 years out the bill's personal tax cuts expire. She is assuming that a decade hence Congress will refuse to extend the new lower rates and thus the middle class will see higher taxes.

Come February, as the IRS begins to adopt the legislation's new tax rates, most Americans will get a big surprise. Their take-home pay will go up and they will conclude that Pelosi was not telling the truth. Analysis by left- and right-leaning groups show that in 2018, over 80 percent of taxpayers will get a tax cut, which will average $2,140. Taxes for almost everybody but certain high-income people in blue states will go down.

Democrats are going to have a hard time arguing that the tax bill was a disaster when paychecks rise and many see unexpected bonuses. They will have to revert to Plan B, which is the promise to impeach President Trump.

It's not clear on what grounds the left hopes to focus this effort; sexual harassment claims are one possible path, or perhaps they will charge President Trump with violations of the emoluments clause, which prohibits a president from taking gifts from foreign governments. Revenue received from ambassadors and other representatives of foreign governments who dine or stay at Trump hotels, or who lease out space in Trump buildings, some claim, put the president over the line.

Unhappily for Democrats, a district judge just dismissed a case involving such a charge, the first of several lawsuits brought along those lines. This fight is not over; other suits are in the works. For most Americans, though, the idea that a duly elected president could be deposed because the British ambassador eats at BLT Steak, which is in the Trump Hotel, would appear ludicrous.

More importantly, the threat of impeachment will without a doubt fire up Trump's base. They have been flagging under the constant assault of negative news coverage, but an all-out effort to oust the president on grounds most would find flimsy could rally supporters.

Overall, it is likely the GOP will lose ground in 2018; some seepage is traditional for either party in the first midterm of a presidency. On the other hand, President Trump has surprised us before.
