The opening event of Tour de Singkarak 2017 was held on the evening of Nov. 
17 at Istano Basa Pagaruyung, Batusangkar, Tanah Datar Regency, featuring performances of Minangtraditional dance and singer Armand Maulana.

During his performance, Armand sang some of his new singles such as “Sebelah Mata” (Just One Eye) and “Hanya Engkau Yang Bisa” (Only You Can).

Tanah Datar Deputy Regent Zuldafri Darma said that the sports event will help promote Tanah Datar that has several interesting tourist destinations like Batusangkar City. It is a cultural icon in West Sumatra Province because it is believed that this is where Minangkabau Tribe was first established.

“This is the birthplace of Basandi Syarak tradition that then became the life motto of the Minang people,” said Zuldafri. Another tourist attraction here is Pagaruyuang Castle at Kenagarian Pagaruyung, Tanjung Emas District.

“This castle is decorated with carvings with each color representing the history and culture of Minangkabau. You can experience being a [traditional] bride here for a day by wearing the traditional outfit of Minangkabau,” he added.

Tanah Datar is located 100,9 kilometers away, or two and a half hours, from Padang. In the area lies a tourist village called Nagari Tuo Pariangan that is situated on the foothill of Mount Merapi, around 13 kilometers from Batusangkar City. The village was listed in the top five most beautiful villages in the world by an international travel publication in 2012.

TdS has been dubbed as the biggest sports tourism event, the cycling race will start from Batusangkar city then continues to Tanah Datar regency and finish at Bukittinggi city. Up to 20 teams from 30 countries are going to tackle nine laps with a total distance of 1,097 kilometers. Winners will be awarded a total prize of Rp 3 billion (US$222,000).

TdS was first held in 2009 and has become a mandatory championship in Asia that is able to attract more than one million visitors. In the Union Cycling International (UCI) calendar, TdS is listed in the Asia Tour 2.2 category. (asw)
Please Update your browser

A study by Glasgow University’s Medical Council’s Public Health Science Unit suggests that grandparents may have the tendency to provide their grandchildren with unhealthy food and treatment during their development.

But do not stop your children from meeting their grandparents just yet as most of the problems are unintentional.

According to The Telegraph, grandparents are very restrictive of letting their grandchildren go outside. Coupled with their tendency to overfeed the children, this behavior has caused problems regarding their grandchildren's diet and their weight.

Cancer Research UK’s Professor Linda Bauld stated that grandparents also tend to increase their frequency of smoking in front of their grandchildren, which could lead to secondhand smoke.

Read also: Grandparents who babysit grandchildren tend to live longer: Study

These findings are troubling because an Avon Longitudinal Parents and Children (ALSPAC) analysis showed 44 percent of children spent an average of 10 hours a week with their grandparents.

Child Growth Foundation’s Tam Fry noted, “Finding a doting grandparent who is confident enough to follow rules laid down by [the parents], and to the letter, is a rarity.”

Lucy Peake, the chief executive of Grandparents Plus, an organization to support grandparents' role in their grandchildren’s lives, stated that since grandparents want the best for their grandchildren, it is best to inform the grandparents of these issues to prevent them from happening in the first place. (ezr/kes)
China has offered to help defuse the Rohingya crisis, Bangladesh said Saturday, following meetings with Beijing's top diplomat that Dhaka hopes will apply pressure on Myanmar take back hundreds of thousands of refugees.

More than 600,000 Rohingya are languishing in Bangladeshi refugee camps after fleeing a brutal Myanmar army campaign launched in late August.

The UN says the scorched-earth operation, which has left hundreds of villages burned to ash in northern Rakhine state, amounts to ethnic cleansing.

Bangladesh, which already hosted some 250,000 Rohingya before the current exodus, wants the latest arrivals to return swiftly and is keen to enlist help from China, a staunch ally of Myanmar.

Foreign Minister A. H. Mahmood Ali held talks in Dhaka on Saturday with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi over the issue.

"When the issue of exodus of displaced Myanmar nationals was raised, the Chinese Foreign Minister stated that as a friend China will help resolve the issue and will not be partial to any side," Bangladesh foreign ministry said in a statement after the talks.

The statement added Wang stressed the "importance of continued consultations and dialogue between Bangladesh and Myanmar on the issue."

No details were given on what concrete steps Beijing might take.

Myanmar has faced growing international anger over its treatment of the Rohingya but China has helped shield the country from censure.

Earlier this month the UN Security Council dropped plans to adopt a resolution demanding an end to the violence in Myanmar in the face of strong opposition from China.

According to Bangladesh's private news agency UNB, Wang held a briefing for a small number of local media at China's embassy in Dhaka where he said Beijing supports "a proper solution of the problems through bilateral channels".

But he warned against further moves at the UN to criticise or punish Myanmar.

Wang is the first of a host of foreign ministers from Asia and Europe who are visiting Bangladesh for talks on a refugee crisis that has left the impoverished nation reeling.

Bangladesh Foreign Minister Ali will take his counterparts from Germany, Sweden and Japan, together with the European Union's diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini, to the border town of Cox's Bazar on Sunday to see the camps.

Refugees are penned inside vast, squalid camps, and UNICEF estimates that 25,000 children are suffering from severe malnutrition that could easily become a major killer.

The ministers will also meet Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.

Bangladesh and Myanmar have agreed in principle to begin repatriation of the Rohingya but are still tussling over the details.

Yet on Thursday Myanmar's powerful army chief distanced himself from any suggestion of a quick return. The Rohingya, he said, could only return if Buddhist citizens accepted them -- a highly unlikely scenario given that the minority are so widely loathed and ostracised inside Myanmar.
Please Update your browser

Ukraine's security agency said Saturday it has arrested a Russian man wanted by Interpol over the 2004 murder of American journalist Paul Khlebnikov.

The suspect, originally from Chechnya, was arrested in Kiev.

"According to Interpol, the foreigner participated in a series of sponsored murders, in particular that of Forbes' editor-in-chief, the US citizen Paul Khlebnikov," as well as a Chechnyan government official, the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) said in a statement.

Khlebnikov, aged 41, was head of the Russian edition of Forbes when he was shot dead in Moscow in July 2004.

He had been working for the magazine for almost 15 years, in which time he had published multiple investigations in to Russian businessman and controversial privatisations in the country.

According to the SBU, the suspect had fled Russia and belonged to a criminal group in Ukraine that extorted funds from entrepreneurs.
Please Update your browser

Two Cambodian journalists were charged on Saturday with spying over news reports they allegedly filed to US-based Radio Free Asia, amid a sweeping government crackdown on dissent that has tipped the country's democracy into crisis.

The reporters were detained on Tuesday night, days before Cambodia's main opposition party was dissolved over accusations it conspired with the US in a treason plot.

That case was blasted by Washington as baseless and decried by rights groups as hastening the country's descent into a de facto one-party state led by authoritarian premier Hun Sen.

The ruling capped a protracted clampdown aimed at silencing Hun Sen's political rivals, outspoken NGOS and independent media before an election in 2018. Radio Free Asia was forced to shut its bureau in September after 20 years due to a series of legal threats.

The former RFA journalists -- Oun Chhin and Yeang Sothearin -- now face up to 15 years in jail for allegedly running an illegal media studio from a guesthouse in the capital, according to police.

After seeing "enough grounds, the prosecutor at the Phnom Penh Municipal Court decided to charge them with providing a foreign state information that is destructive to the national defense", said court spokesman Ly Sophana.

The US-funded RFA, a crucial source of independent Khmer-language broadcasting, slammed the arrests as part of Hun Sen's "cynical campaign of persecution".

Spokesman Rohit Mahajan said the reporters have not had any relationship with RFA since the station closed its Phnom Penh bureau in September.

"Therefore the charges brought in court today have absolutely no basis in reality," he told AFP by email.

Hun Sen, a firebrand ultra-nationalist in power since 1985, has been leaning heavily on anti-American rhetoric to justify the unprecedented clampdown.

That has rattled relations with Washington, which on Friday demanded the immediate reversal of the ruling against the opposition party -- saying it had stripped the 2018 poll of any legitimacy.

A spokesman for Hun Sen's ruling party said the country would be fine without American backing.

The widening rift is the latest chapter in a complex history between the two nations.

After pounding Cambodia with bombs during the Vietnam War, the US went on to become one of its biggest donors as the kingdom rebuilt from the ashes of the brutal Khmer Rouge era of 1975-79.

But America's influence has waned significantly in recent years as China muscles into Southeast Asia, propping up authoritarian leaders like Hun Sen with aid and investment free of pressure on human rights.

Critics say Beijing's backing has given Hun Sen the confidence to drop even the facade of respecting a free press and other democratic institutions.
The latest documentary explores the islands where wealth reduced people to slaves.

Banda: The Dark Forgotten Trail opens a window to a piece of Indonesia forgotten by time, tarnished by a dark history, but bearing historical significance that matches the weight of the entire country.

The islands of Banda in eastern Indonesia, once colloquially named “the Spice Islands”, were once the most valuable pieces of property on Earth. Back in the 16th century, an abundance of spices never seen in the world attracted Europeans who aimed to dominate the trade of these valuable commodities.

Nutmeg was Banda’s prized crop. Nutmeg itself was extremely versatile in the way that every part of the spice had a certain use, such as for food preservation, as a culinary flavor and as a basic ingredient of cosmetics. So valuable and rare was this spice in those days that its value exceeded that of gold, and the Dutch did everything they could to secure a monopoly, from killing the Banda natives to even going to war with the English.

Banda: The Dark Forgotten Trail, the new documentary directed by Jay Subyakto, discusses the entire history of the Banda Islands with raw, unfettered emotion and well-researched facts. It is a visually captivating movie, as the images of an unspoiled landscape string the wrenching stories gracefully on top of a moving soundtrack that recalls the music of synth-heavy band Survive.

The film explores the history of the Banda Islands from its pre-colonial era, when the Portuguese held the fort, to the brutal occupation by the Dutch, to its significance in Indonesian history as the port of exile for founding fathers Sutan Sjahrir, Mohammad Hatta and Tjipto Mangunkusumo.

As with many grandiose tales of treasure and desire, the Bandas’ significant history comes with long, savage periods of bloodshed, be it at the hands of the Dutch or even of the islanders themselves. The movie includes a wide range of statements from historians, locals and those who once lived on the Banda Islands, who tell their stories with visible passion.

One local’s account of falling victim to the regional religious violence of the 2000s is told in a stoic manner yet with the kind of chilling impact seen in fellow Indonesian violence documentary The Act of Killing.

Banda and The Act of Killing both explore the blind cruelty that Indonesians are able to stoop to whenever faced with anything that challenges religious or social supremacy.

The conflict between Christians and Muslims that wrecked the Maluku region in the early 2000s seems to sting the hearts of the Banda natives even deeper than the Dutch occupation, because the destruction was carried out by the islands’ own people.

The destruction of present-day Banda Islands does not only come in the form of violence. Locals also tell the viewers of savage economical rape of the once glorious nutmeg trade by the companies that run it today, leaving the nutmeg farmers and harvesters with less than nothing. The way the natives are treated by the current, local companies mirrors the way the Dutch used to treat them centuries ago: as slaves.

Viewers can capture the emotions of the Banda people, who express their deep sentiments toward their history and toward an increasingly indifferent Indonesia, and the movie, which aims to elicit an emotional reaction more than anything else, succeeds in doing so.

The Banda Islands are of breathtaking beauty to the eye. There is no need to visually enhance the natural features that surround and are within the island group.

However, some historians and locals in the film lament the fact that the cold foot of globalization has begun to creep in. Parks are turned into multi-story government buildings, and the internet has rendered the youth rather unmotivated to preserve the Bandas of today. The modern age might have opened Banda’s doors to the world even wider, but it comes at a risk to the island group itself.

The Bandas want tourists to boost their economy, but they also want to keep the islands’ spirit intact.

Jay Subyakto says it is up to the youth to give a darn about things like this, because they are the generation that masters this era.

They should be able learn from the mistakes of our forefathers and treat what remains of the past with greater care than before.
Maritime trade involving spices and other commodities along the Sriwijaya Kindom’s route from the 7th century to around the 12th century, turned out to be fertile ground for cross-cultural exchange among its traders.

National Archaeology Center researcher Bambang Budi Utomo pointed out that maritime trade of the era produced what is known to be Southeast Asian ship technology, which was discovered in what are now Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines.

“The Southeast Asian technology showcases advancement in terms of maritime technology. Prior to these Southeast Asian ships, which were discovered around the 6th century, vessels were manufactured by digging out timber. The dugout method was inefficient because the size of the ships would be limited by the size of the timber,” Bambang explained.

The more advanced Southeast Asian ship technology uses ropes made of palm fibers to connect many separate pieces of timber, resulting in much larger ships. This is called the sewn-plank and lashed-lug technique.

Buddhism and Islam also made their way into Sriwijaya through the maritime trade. Bambang said Indonesia’s Islam embodies the Shia tradition brought over by Persian traders.

“We can see the influence from rituals such as thanksgiving involving the birth of a baby, the Maulid Nabi celebration, as well as the sacredness of the month of Muharram in the Islamic calendar, when people fast [on the 10th day],” he added.

Indonesia was also actively involved in contributing to the global cultural scene embodied by Buddhism at that time.

“Indonesia built three sacred temples in what is now known as the Nakonsitamarat area of Southern Thailand [previously known as Wat Sema Muang], around the 8th and 9th centuries. Sriwijaya also played a part in constructing a boarding house for foreign students who studied Buddhism in the Nalanda University in India,” he said.

The cultural significance of the spice trail does not stop at the fluid interaction of different cultures and beliefs in ancient times. In the present, the spice trail could also be used to promote Indonesian food, arts and culture.

The Culture and Education Ministry’s general-director of culture, Hilmar Farid, said that the ministry had a mission to nominate the spice trail to be recognized as a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) world heritage site.

“Currently, many city administrations in Indonesia want to nominate either a building or a site as a world heritage. Actually, we want to propose the spice trail to represent our common heritage, to strengthen our attempts at preserving it. The question is: what is our common heritage? To determine this, we need to undergo research studies, which require energy and time,” he said.

Hilmar conceded that it may take some time for the spice trail to be acknowledged as a world heritage site, as the recognition process would involve marking the long route.

The first step toward creating awareness about the spice trail’s history will involve a number of napak tilas (public journey), spanning from Southeast Asia to South Asia. — JP/Sebastian Partogi
Posted: Thu, November 9, 2017

0 Share

Singapore – This is where business goals, motivation and fun meet, offering those with a passion for growth new opportunities to connect, collaborate and innovate.

Singapore is the perfect place to combine business and leisure for meetings and incentive travel. Its cutting-edge facilities, unique venues and wide range of world-class leisure options enable forward-thinking leaders to engage and empower their staff with innovative ways of working, thinking and bonding. It’s where your passion for growth – for your organisation and team – is made possible. Take your team and business further – plan your next event at www.visitsingapore.com/mice

Special thanks to our partners (in order of appearance): Marina Bay Sands, JW Marriott Singapore South Beach, Resort World Sentosa (S.E.A. Aquarium), Mega Adventure Park, Gardens by the Bay, Chinatown Food Street, In Good Company.

(adv)
Young and veiled women who care about their appearance must recognize Muslim fashion boutique Dian Pelangi, named after owner Dian Wahyu Utami.

But in the past, Dian had a somewhat negative view of fashion.

She acknowledged that in her teenage years, she felt forced by her parent to take fashion as her major at SMK 1 Pekalongan in Central Java.

“Sometimes I cried every time I went home because some of my friends mocked me, saying that I would become a tailor,” said Dian.

But her views have since changed. Her creativity in utilizing traditional fabrics such as Pekalongan batik, songket (traditionally women textile) from Palembang and remnants of fabric have brought her to the international stage.

Dian received a warm welcome from fashion lovers in Paris at the Paris Fashion Week for Piece 2018, held on Oct.4.

And along with designers Barli Asmara, Catharine Njoo, Melia Wijaya and Vivi Zubedi, she showcased her work at New York Fashion Week: First Stage Spring Summer 2018.

Designers from Indonesia that appeared at the event have fulfilled the requirements set by International Management group as the organizer. The requirements are, among other things, originality, the power of concept and production capability.

Apart from Dian, local sneaker producers Exodos57 also stole the show, and were later showcased to President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo at the commemoration of Youth Pledge Day at the Bogor Palace last October.

The sneaker producers from Bandung showcased shoes that were made from leather, and blended with canvas and woven fabric from Yogyakarta.

The sneakers that President Jokowi observed are from the newest series that caries the theme ‘3Laborate,’ referring to a collaboration between three brands, namely Exodos57, UnionWell and Rawtype Riot.

The combination proved that newly designed modern shoes can represent the identity of Indonesia through woven fabric from Yogyakarta.

“The fashion, culinary and handicrafts sectors are already a big industry that we want a piece of. There are also others areas we set as a priority to develop, namely games, application, music and film,” said creative economy agency Bekraf head Triawan Munaf, at the Forum Merdeka Barat 9 ( FMB9 ) gathering event at the Presidential Staff Office on Nov.14.

“In the future, the economy will not merely depend on natural resources,” Triawan said.

Data from Bekraf shows that the contributions made by the creative industry was recorded at Rp 784.82 trillion in 2014, an increase of 8.6 percent from the Rp 852 trillion recorded in 2015.

“Of the total contribution, the culinary, crafts and fashion sector have made the largest contribution in the creative economy,” he added.

The culinary sector contributed 41.69 percent, followed by fashion at 18.15 percent and crafts at 15.7 percent. In addition, the film industry grew by 10.28 percent, music by 7.26 percent, arts and architecture at 6.62 percent and games at 6.68 percent.

Given the potential that the creative economy has, the government is determined to support the sector, as it is viewed as providing the most job opportunities for young people, especially women. Data from Bekraf shows that women account for 53.68 percent of the workforce in the creative economy.

Creative economy players also have access to banks to secure capital. In 2016, the creative economy secured Rp 7.699 trillion in capital from banks. The figure surpassed the target of only Rp 4.9 trillion.

Soto Diplomacy

It is expected that the creative economy will develop into an engine that Indonesia relies on to boost its position in the global market.

Bekraf said one of the steps to take is involving ambassadors that represent Indonesia in other countries.

Currently, Bekraf is developing various programs that need real support from a strong international network, such as diplomacy using soto (soup), coffee and woven fabric.

However, the success of culinary and fashion diplomacy requires active participation from the ambassadors representing Indonesia in promotional campaigns.

As a whole, Bekraf focuses on 16 creative economy sub-sectors including fashion, film, animation, the culinary sector, crafts, fine arts, performing arts, music, architecture, visual communication design, product design, application development and games, television and radio and photography.

The 16 sub-sectors are expected to propel national economic growth, contributing to the GDP, boosting exports and creating employment opportunities.

If the creative industry is developed well, then it is not impossible to see Indonesian success in the international scene regarding the creative economy, such as emulating South Korea and K-Pop.

“The creative industry has become our strength. If the industry is developed well, with young people given room to innovate and foster their creativity, then the outcome can be showcased to the outside world,” said President Jokowi after watching music festival, “We The Fest” at JIExpo, Kemayoran, Central Jakarta on Aug.11.
PREMIUM Fintech is the latest buzzword taking over the local startup scene by storm. According to the Indonesian Fintech Association (IFA), the number of Indonesian fintech startups, defined as young companies that use technology to create new or optimize existing financial services, grew by 78 percent in a short span of two years and at the same time, funding to regional and local fintech startups is at ...
PREMIUM Darmin Nasution (JP/Arief Suhardiman)The government is not resting on its laurels after major improvement in the country's ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Index as it continues to push for regulatory reform in obtaining business permits in various sectors. The Office of the Coordinating Economic Minister is working with other ministries to identify regulations in each ministry...
PREMIUM For years, the country did not have a detailed guideline that could regulate a foster care system for children whose parents are no longer able to care for them.
But in mid-October, Indonesia finally issued Government Regulation (PP) No.
44/2017 on foster care for children, which includes a list of requirements for foster parents and child placement.

And on Friday, the government beg...
Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and the other newly-elected members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the 19th CPC Central Committee Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji and Han Zheng arrive to meet the press at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Oct 25, 2017. [Photo/Xinhua]

BEIJING - Xi Jinping led the other members of the Standing Committee of the 19th Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee Political Bureau to meet the press Wednesday at the Great Hall of the People.

The other members are Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji and Han Zheng.

Xi said the 19th Party Congress has received extensive and detailed reporting and the media coverage has captured the attention of the world.

"Thank you so much for your hard work!" Xi said.