Some Afghan and other Western officials question whether those numbers are inflated, but the Americans say they are an indication that the group continues to replenish its ranks with new fighters.

Part of the reason the two-year joint operation by the United States and Afghanistan against the Islamic State has made little progress is simply that the two forces are operating in a terrain where they have had little control for years. Airstrikes and commando operations bring bursts of pressure, but the militants have release valves all around them. On one side is the porous border with Pakistan, where many of the fighters come from. Elsewhere is largely Taliban country.

"It's like a balloon," General Nicholson said. "We squeeze them in this area, and they'll try to move out elsewhere."

A visit this month to Khogyani, a district in the east where Islamic State fighters have shifted, showed the increasing complexity of the Afghan conflict, and underlined how daunting a task it will be to defeat the Islamic State, also known as ISIS.

The Afghan government's authority in Khogyani, in a remote region of Nangarhar Province, has long been confined to the district compound and the immediate surroundings. The Taliban ruled the rest. Opium has been grown all around.

After years of war with no clear victor, the region had settled into a strange sort of calm as the Taliban and the government found ways to coexist, as has happened to varying degrees around the country.

30 miles AFGHANISTAN Kabul Khogyani DISTRICT NANGARHAR PAKISTAN Area of detail AFGHANISTAN PAKISTAN

Although the Taliban are known for their opposition to girls' education, in Khogyani, the militants here allowed schooling, showing a willingness to drop a demand that had lost them hearts and minds before. In return for having nominal control, the government has paid the salaries of teachers and health workers that the Taliban could not afford.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Abdul Jabar, who had been displaced from his home near the Pakistan border by recent battles between ISIS and the Taliban, said there was a two-story high school for girls close to his new home, with an enrollment of up to 1,600. Mir Haidar, who distributes vaccinations, said the three clinics there employed women, despite the Taliban's past opposition to women in the workplace.

So established was Taliban rule in Khogyani that when Islamic State fighters started shifting there, many people said they trusted in the Taliban's protection.

Then the Taliban lines started to buckle.

"The Taliban were puffing their chest — 'We are strong, don't go, we will take care of you,' " said Abdul Qadeem, a father of 13. "Then," he said, the Islamic State "arrived at night, and we left with nothing but this shawl on my shoulder."

The Islamic State's local affiliate in Afghanistan first emerged in 2014, swiftly gaining ground across Nangarhar Province. It quickly drew the attention of the United States military, which had scaled down its presence in Afghanistan to a small counterterrorism mission against Al Qaeda and a larger NATO mission to train Afghan forces to hold their ground against the Taliban.

American and Afghan officials now have little reason to believe that the Afghan group, despite pledging allegiance to ISIS, maintains regular contact or receives directions from the Islamic State operating in Iraq and Syria. Instead, they say, the Islamic State in Afghanistan is largely made up of Pakistani militants pushed across the border by military operations in that country.
But Democrats are clamoring to enter the ring.

"I started seeing changes to U.S. policy that concern me," said Sara Dady, one of the candidates. "I've been practicing immigration law under three administrations. I have a client who has a green card. He did everything right. He was denied boarding. To me that is not the America I know and love."

Democrats are investing in candidates like Ms. Dady. She attended three trainings before declaring her candidacy, including events hosted by the Illinois Democratic County Chairmen's Association and Representative Cheri Bustos, who represents another Illinois district.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

For Democrats in 2018's long-shot districts, the 2017 special elections provided some hope — at least on the financial front. Jon Ossoff raised a record $30 million in his unsuccessful bid in Georgia's Sixth Congressional District. And Doug Jones brought in nearly $12 million as of late November on the way to victory in Alabama's Senate race.

Mr. Ossoff and Mr. Jones's campaign funds were primarily from small-dollar donors, many of them from outside the district. It is unclear whether those donors will be able to maintain the pace in an election where every seat is up. They will have a formidable opponent in the Congressional Leadership Fund, a "super PAC" that supports Republican candidates and can raise unlimited money. The Congressional Leadership Fund raised more than $12 million in 2017, mostly from a few donations measured in the hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars.

The Republican National Committee has also built up a war chest of $40 million, compared with $6 million for the Democrats.

Even with the political wind at their backs, most Democratic challengers will be underdogs.

"Incumbents have a lot of built-in advantages," said Michael Beckel of the bipartisan campaign finance reform group Issue One. "They have higher name recognition, and they can spend a lot of time building up a huge campaign war chest to ward off opponents. Additionally, interest groups in Washington are incentivized to bet on incumbents."

But at least the Democrats have the candidates.

"If you have a candidate running," Mr. Beckel said, "your odds of picking up seats increases."
But all of those plans will play out in an election year that is shaping up as a referendum on Mr. Trump, whose historically low approval ratings could deflate any Republican overtures to Democrats not anxious to boost the president.

"Hope springs eternal, but they'd have to be a real reversal from the way they've operated now," said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader.

Mr. McConnell declared 2017 a year of "extraordinary accomplishment," a boast that only weeks ago seemed impossible. But a year marred by public spats between the president and Republican leaders in Congress was capped off with a rewrite of the tax code that cut corporate tax rates, favored business owners and reduced income tax rates, at least temporarily, for most families. The same law opened Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil exploration, a goal sought by Republicans for decades.

It also eliminated tax penalties in the Affordable Care Act intended to force most Americans to have health care. Ending the so-called individual mandate was Republicans' most direct blow to President Barack Obama's signature domestic achievement after a year of misses and ineffectual attacks.

At least for now, the tax bill remains highly unpopular, according to opinion polls. Nevertheless, Mr. Trump trumpeted those achievements on Sunday.

Those achievements came after the quiet confirmation of 12 federal appeals court judges — the most in a single year since the appeals courts were established in 1891. The confirmations will remake the federal judiciary, stocking it with young and very conservative judges who will serve for decades to come. And those came along with the confirmation of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.

Photo

"With the new administration coming in, it has been more chaotic and more politicized than I would like to think," Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said. "But we do have more accomplishments than I think we're generally given credit for."

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

For Republicans, who never expected Mr. Trump to win the presidency, getting adjusted to life with a former reality TV star in the White House was not easy.

"I'd say one of the bigger challenges we dealt with this year is just trying to manage the chaotic nature of the White House, the never-ending tweets, drama and dysfunction," said Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania.

But after a photo finish, Democrats are not calling the 115th Congress "do-nothing." Instead they are dwelling on what Republicans did.

"If you ask the top 1 percent how Senate Republicans did this year, they'd give them an A," Mr. Schumer said. "But if you ask middle-class Americans how the Republican Senate did this year, they'd give them a big fat red F."

Mr. McConnell has warned that 2018 will be difficult. With the election in Alabama of Doug Jones, a Democrat, to the Senate, the Republican majority next year will be 51-49. Senate Republicans are eyeing modest measures in the coming months: to protect so-called Dreamers, young undocumented immigrants; to revise the Obama-era Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law to protect small community banks; and to stabilize health insurance markets by temporarily reinstating insurance subsidies suspended by Mr. Trump.

Mr. Trump will host Mr. McConnell and Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin at Camp David in the first weekend of January to align on an agenda for 2018, beginning with infrastructure, his legislative director, Marc Short, said on Fox News Sunday.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

"Both Democrats and Republicans say that infrastructure is crumbling and we need to fix it," he said. "But the big question remains: Will Democrats put politics aside and actually work with us? They need to meet us halfway."

Mr. Ryan has bigger ambitions of taking on some of the government's biggest programs; Republicans have singled out food stamps, welfare and Medicaid.

But after a bruising year, Democrats are leery. Republicans and Democrats had detailed plans to lure corporate profits parked overseas back home, and use some of that revenue to finance an infrastructure push. The new tax law ignored those proposals.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

"They used it all to reduce taxes on the wealthiest corporations," Mr. Schumer said.

As for House plans to cut poverty programs, Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat, scoffed: "It is just perfect, isn't it? Tax breaks for the wealthiest people who haven't punched a time clock in their lives so that we could cut back food stamps for single moms trying to feed hungry kids. Perfect."

Photo

The truth is, even Mr. McConnell acknowledged that 2017 was "pretty partisan."

The choice to make repealing the Affordable Care Act conservatives' first legislative effort was generally considered a misstep, said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina. And the half measure that Republicans achieved may destabilize insurance markets.

"The good news is we repealed the individual mandate," Mr. Graham said. "The bad news is we now own health care, for sure."

By sheer numbers, Congress was less productive in 2017 than in 2009, the first year of Mr. Obama's presidency. In 2009, Mr. Obama signed 125 bills into law, including a huge economic stimulus package, the expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program and legislation to regulate tobacco.

This year, Mr. Trump signed 93 measures into law, but of those, 15 were "joint resolutions of disapproval" which rolled back pending Obama-era regulations. Under the law that created such resolutions, they are not technically laws and cannot be filibustered in the Senate.

"Other than the tax bill, this first session of Congress has been a bit of a bust," said Steven S. Smith, a political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis. "And that probably means that this Congress is a bust, because first sessions tend to be a little bit more productive than second sessions."

Beyond the tax bill, much of what Congress accomplished came despite Mr. Trump, not because of him. Lawmakers from both parties forced the president to accept sweeping sanctions against Russia, Iran and North Korea and sharply limited his ability to suspend or lift them. The legislation passed with veto-proof majorities.

The string of regulatory rollbacks, passed using a once little-known law called the Congressional Review Act, did reverse pending rules approved in the last days of the Obama administration, including one aimed at protecting internet privacy, one aimed at preventing coal companies from dumping waste into streams, and another intended to bar people with mental illnesses from buying guns.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

"This administration and Congress working together probably did more on the deregulatory front than any Congress in modern history," declared Representative Tom Cole, Republican of Oklahoma.

But Mr. Durbin said that was hardly something to boast about.

"If you'd look at what little we have done this year in the United States Senate compared to when I arrived in this chamber, you'd wonder how we could draw a paycheck," said Mr. Durbin, who has spent 20 years in the Senate.

Congress did complete some little-noticed business in bipartisan fashion. By a vote of 94 to 1, the Senate passed legislation to finance the Food and Drug Administration, which reauthorized user fees to pay for the review of medical devices, brand-name drugs and generic drugs.

Some Republicans expressed confidence that even Mr. Trump has learned some lessons from such experiences.

"The president has developed a much greater appreciation for the process than he had a year ago," said Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of Missouri. "I personally developed a greater sense of appreciation for the new fresh set of eyes that he brings to this. And if we could put those two things together effectively, next year we will have a pretty good starting point."
President Andrzej Duda signed the measures into law anyway.

This is still a nation, however, that wants to stand with the West. Even though the governing party has denounced the European Union's officials in Brussels as elitist and condescending, it relies on the financial support that membership brings and continues to deepen its military ties with other NATO nations.

But not only did the defiance put the direction of Polish democracy at stake, critics of the laws said, it also challenged the very notion of how effectively the bloc can deal with countries that step out of line. If Brussels fails to curb what it sees as behavior that undermines democratic values in Poland, other nations with their own populist leaders, like the Czech Republic and Romania, will be emboldened to chart their own course.

A Complex Defiance

Poland is not Hungary, where Prime Minister Viktor Orban frequently antagonizes European Union leaders and cozies up to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. The dispute with the European Union is a more complex, and uniquely Polish, affair.

The crisis has its roots in 1989, when the country became the first Eastern bloc nation to hold partly free elections after decades of bitter and often-deadly struggle. It would take eight more years to create a constitution, one that Marcin Matczak, a professor of constitutional law at Warsaw University, said was "enacted within a post-totalitarian trauma."

Photo

"There was a great fear that the government may be too strong and that we could return to the old times," he said. "Even the preamble of our Constitution says so. We remember the time when our human rights were infringed upon."

Important among its provisions was a clear separation of powers between the courts and the politicians. But when the Constitution was enacted in 1997, no right-wing party was represented, including Center Agreement, a Christian democratic party and the predecessor to Law and Justice, the current ruling party.

"They refused to give this Constitution legitimacy," Mr. Matcza said.

Mr. Matczak, a fierce opponent of the legislation signed by Mr. Duda, acknowledged that this lack of inclusion led to a bitterness that still fuels the governing party and its powerful leader, Jaroslaw Kaczynski.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Igor Janke, a former journalist who now runs a think tank, Freedom Institute, informally advises members of the government. Mr. Janke, who says he is sympathetic to the governing party, points to these early years of Polish democracy as being at the heart of today's problems.

"When someone tells me we are destroying the judiciary, I say, 'What judiciary?'" he said.

In the 1990s, he contends, many of those guilty of committing crimes against the Polish people escaped justice. He calls them "the red spiders."

Red spiders breed more red spiders, and even though only two of the 80-odd justices on the Supreme Court have ties dating to the Soviet era, their influence is still felt, he said, echoing the party line.

First, Attack the Judges

Mr. Matczak says he believes something more sinister is at work.

When Law and Justice briefly held power before, from 2005 to 2007, its leader, Mr. Kaczynski, found himself stymied by the courts at every turn. He coined a term for what he viewed as obstructionism: prawny imposybilizm, or legal impossibilism.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

When the party won power again, he said, Mr. Kaczynski "came back wiser and not willing to make the same mistakes." He added, "They started their actions with removing the legal impossibilism."

The first move was to dismantle the Constitutional Tribunal, which is empowered to review Poland's laws. They removed unfriendly justices and ensured the once-powerful body was little more than a rubber stamp for the party, Mr. Matczak said.

"The mechanics of this attack on the Supreme Court are very similar," he said. "First, you have an attack on judges."

Photo

Mr. Matczak said a close reading of the new laws shows their true intent. "The whole idea behind these two bills is to have full control over the national judiciary council, which has control over appointing judges," he said. "And if you have control over the selecting committee, you need vacancies."

Age limits create those vacancies on the Supreme Court. He said he feared that the next step for the government would be to use a subservient judicial system to go after both old enemies and political rivals.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

He pointed to a new provision that allows for something known as a special extraordinary appeal, which would essentially allow any case over the past 20 years to be reopened.

"The result of this new legal tool will be over one million cases reopened over three years," he speculated.

Mr. Matczak said he also fears that Mr. Kaczynski and his party plan to create a "fourth republic" — one based on conservative values and purged of pernicious enemies dating back to the Communist era.

"He wants to create a new country with new rules," he said of Mr. Kaczynski.

U.S. and Britain Stand Down

So far, outside the European Union, the reaction has been muted.

Just one day after the legislation became law, Poland's new prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, stood side by side in Warsaw with Britain's prime minister, Theresa May, to announce a new defense agreement and a commitment to protecting the rights of the one million Poles in Britain after it leaves the bloc.

Mrs. May danced around a question about the battle over the courts. "These constitutional issues are normally, and should be primarily, a matter for the individual country concerned," she said, expressing the hope that negotiations with Brussels would resolve any outstanding issues.

Likewise, the United States has avoided criticizing Poland, and the government here continues to seek the favor of the Trump administration. When the United Nations General Assembly voted overwhelmingly to condemn Washington's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, Poland was among a number of American allies to abstain.

That leaves the European Union to wrestle with the consequences of the current crisis.

Mr. Matczak, for one, says he sees dark days ahead.

"I am ashamed now," he said. "We were a paragon of transformation of the rule of law. That has all changed."
That hypothesis has angered the border agents' union, The National Border Patrol Council, whose leadership fiercely insists that the men were attacked. Chris Cabrera, a spokesman for the organization, went as far as to call Sheriff Carrillo a "dingbat" on his weekly podcast.

"All these other theories, it's tarnishing the name of our agents," he said in an interview.

The immediate, politicized reactions from President Trump, Senator Cruz and other elected officials have died down, as weeks have passed without any more clarity as to what happened.

It was just after 11 p.m. on Nov. 18, when, according to the F.B.I., the two agents at the heart of the mystery responded to unspecified "activity" near a culvert, or drainage tunnel, that carries water underneath Interstate 10 near Van Horn.

Photo

One of the agents, Stephen Garland, then called for help. When colleagues arrived, they found both men with major head injuries and broken bones, and took them to a local hospital. The men were flown to a larger hospital in El Paso, where the other agent, Rogelio Martinez, died early the next morning.

Immediately afterward, the F.B.I. said that it would spearhead an inquiry into the incident, which they were treating as a "potential assault against a federal officer," according to Jeanette Harper, a spokeswoman for the agency. Assaults against Customs and Border Protection officers, including Border Patrol agents, reached 720 in the 2017 fiscal year, the most in at least five years, according to data from the agency.

Ms. Harper said the F.B.I. had collected forensic evidence that was being analyzed at its laboratory in Quantico, Va., and was also "aggressively" following up on leads that came into the agency's tip line.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

One of those led to a search warrant being issued for a car belonging to two brothers. But later, Ms. Harper, the F.B.I. spokeswoman, said the agency had not arrested anyone, or even identified anyone "of interest," in the investigation, suggesting that the tip about the brothers may not have proved fruitful.

Angie Ochoa, who was engaged to marry Mr. Martinez when he died, said she even went to the scene of the incident, escorted by one of her fiancé's co-workers, after she became fed up with the shifting accounts of what may have happened. "None of it made sense, so I wanted to see for myself," she said.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Part of the challenge of establishing what exactly happened to the men is the remoteness of their work. Border agents patrol rocky deserts, often in the middle of the night, where there are very few, if any, other people around. The incident in November happened outside a tiny town of less than 2,000 people. The other agent, Mr. Garland, who has been released from the hospital, is said to have no memory of what happened.

Mr. Martinez's father, Jose Martinez, said in an interview shortly after his son died that after seeing his son in the hospital, he thought the injuries were too severe to have been caused by an accident. "I believe someone put a trap," he said. The elder Mr. Martinez said he had often worried about his son working alone in the middle of the night.

Another sign of the uncertainty surrounding the case can be found in the descriptions of the rewards offered by the F.B.I. and the state of Texas.

The state is offering $20,000 for information "leading to the "arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for the murder of a U.S. Border Patrol agent and the serious injury of another."

The F.B.I.'s $50,000 reward is for "information leading to the resolution of this case."
At Vanderbilt, there are classes on Uber and "bro" culture. At Stanford, students are studying sexual harassment in the workplace. And at Harvard, the debate encompasses sexism and free speech.

"There's a turning point in what's expected from business leaders," said Leanne Meyer, co-director of a new leadership department at the Carnegie Mellon Tepper School of Business. "Up until now, business leaders were largely responsible for delivering products. Now, shareholders are looking to corporate leaders to make statements on what would traditionally have been social justice or moral issues."

Several factors are contributing to these revised syllabuses. Bad behavior by big companies has thrust ethics back into the news, from Wells Fargo's creation of fake accounts to sexual harassment at Fox News to the litany of improprieties at Uber. Some millennials are prioritizing social and environmental responsibility.

Photo

And a new generation of chief executives is speaking out about moral and political issues in the Trump era. Just four months ago, prominent corporate executives came together to dissolve two business councils consulting with President Trump after he blamed "many sides" for an outburst of white supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Va.

"Something has changed," said Ed Soule, a professor at the Georgetown McDonough School of Business. "I would be kidding you if I told you there wasn't a different vibe in the classroom."

This fall, Professor Soule assigned coursework covering sexual harassment at Uber, how companies like Amazon respond when attacked by Mr. Trump and the social justice protests by N.F.L. players.

During one class, students debated whether players should have been more deferential to the wishes of team owners and the league, or whether the league should have supported players more vocally. The conversation grew tense when the topic turned to respect for the national anthem, and Mr. Trump's forceful response to players who continued to kneel as it was played.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

"Ethics and values have taken on more significance," Professor Soule said. "It has to do with all of the things going on in this administration, often things that challenge our understanding of ethics and leadership."

Professors are reacting to the news, but they are also responding to calls from students for classes that deal with ethics. In recent years, students have said ethical issues, not finances, are a business's most important responsibility, according to a survey of business school students worldwide conducted by a United Nations group and Macquarie University in Australia.

"There's a growing body of M.B.A.s who are really passionate about this," said LaToya Marc, who graduated from Harvard Business School last spring and now works in sales and operations at Comcast. "It may not affect your bottom line directly, but it needs to be affecting how you make decisions."

Students also realize that as leaders of increasingly diverse work forces, they will need to understand their employees' perspectives on national debates, and how corporate decisions affect them.

"It is a shift, absolutely, mostly because all of our companies are just starting to look a lot different," Ms. Marc said.
Cash Might Be King, but They Don't Care Image A patron tries to pay with cash at the West 40th Street location of Dos Toros Taqueria, only to learn that only credit or debit cards are accepted. Credit Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times

The other day at Dig Inn, a just-opened lunch spot on Broadway and 38th Street in Midtown Manhattan, Shania Bryant committed a consumer faux pas. She placed her order for chicken and brown rice and yams, and when she got to the register, she held out a $50 bill.

"Sorry," the cashier told her. "We don't take cash." Not, "We don't take $50s." No cash. Period.

"What?" Ms. Bryant asked.

The cashier patiently explained. Credit and debit cards were fine, as was the easy-to-download Dig Inn phone app. But the almighty dollar was powerless.

"I've never experienced that before," said Ms. Bryant, 20, an assistant to a designer. "I guess we're in new times."

Indeed. Cashless businesses were once an isolated phenomenon, but now, similarly jarring experiences can be had across the street at Sweetgreen, or two blocks up at Two Forks, or next door to Two Forks at Dos Toros, or over on 41st Street at Bluestone Lane coffee. In Midtown and some other neighborhoods across New York City, cashless is fast on its way to becoming normal.

Image The Two Forks chain also does not take cash. Visa recently offered select merchants a $10,000 reward to switch away from cash transactions. Credit Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times

But it is not quite normal yet. So the cashier at Dig Inn cut Ms. Bryant a break.

"Just this one time, we'll give it to you on the house," she said, handing over the bag. "But just so you know, in the future."

Ah, the future. In the future, when dollar bills are found only in museum display cases, we will look back on this moment of transition and confusion with the same head-shaking smile with which we regard customs on the Isle of Yap in Micronesia, where giant stone discs are still accepted as payment for particularly big-ticket items.

Some people already live in this cashless future. They find nothing strange about paying for a pack of gum with a swipe of a card. If you are one of these people and you are still somehow reading this article, you may be thinking, "What on earth is the big deal?"

At Two Forks on 40th Street, where the lunch offerings have cheery names like Squash Goals, Kristin Junco, a 34-year-old auditor for the state Education Department, said she had not used cash for about a week and much prefers a cashless establishment to its opposite. "We travel a lot for work," she said, gesturing to a colleague, "and if they don't take credit cards that makes things difficult."

On the other side are those who were raised to equate credit card spending with taking on debt — something to be avoided whenever possible, and reserved in any case for major expenditures. Those people do things like grab a $5 bill from their purse and run down from their office to the place on the corner thinking that they can buy a snack with it. They will catch on eventually.

"I was shocked," said David, a 66-year-old accountant who popped into Dig Inn for lunch a few hours before Ms. Bryant. (He declined to give his surname because "I'm a private person.") "This is very unusual to me."

Image A patron at Two Forks said that she prefers a cashless establishment to one that does not take credit cards. Credit Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times

Tim McLoughlin, 59, a writer in Brooklyn, did a double-take when he walked into a Bluestone Lane branch in Dumbo, Brooklyn. "My reaction was 'Jesus, a New York City restaurant that records all its revenue? How can they stay in business?' "

They can, and do. At Pokee, a poke-salad place in Greenwich Village, cash is treated like a quarantinable substance. "If you have exact change, we'll take it," said the woman behind the counter. "We give it to the manager and he puts it in a safe. Because we don't have a register."

Not surprisingly, the credit card companies, who make a commission on every credit card purchase, applaud the trend. Visa recently offered select merchants a $10,000 reward for depriving customers of their right to pay by the method of their choice. A Visa executive described this practice to CNN as offering shoppers "freedom from carrying cash."

This freedom is good for the consumer, good for business, and good for the planet, the new breed of eateries insist.

At Dos Toros, a Mexican chain that is in the process of going cashless at its 13 New York City locations, the co-chief executive Leo Kremer said that cash took up precious time: the time of the general manager of the location, who spent a couple of hours a day counting (and recounting) cash drawers that could have been spent coaching new employees and making sure customers have a great experience. "There's something fundamentally demoralizing when you have the leader of the restaurant back in the office, counting, instead of out on the floor," he said. And it took up the time of the customer: Cash causes bottlenecks at the register, he said.

Mr. Kremer said that only a minuscule portion of customers complained about the cashless policy, but there are enough of them for the employees to notice.

Image The Federal Reserve declined to explain how establishments could not accept dollar bills, but a law professor said that a meal is not generally considered a debt. Credit Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times

"Every day I have an argument with somebody about it," said a cashier at the Dos Toros on 40th Street, who said she could not give her name because she was not authorized to speak without permission from the company. "I don't make these rules, you know."

But wait, how is this even allowed? Doesn't the dollar bill say it's "legal tender for all debts, public and private." The Federal Reserve's website says that notwithstanding that language, there is no federal law compelling a business "to accept currency or coins as payment for goods or services."

Asked why the $8.71 a customer owes for that Turmeric Sweet Potato Hummus Toast she just ordered is not considered a debt, the Federal Reserve offered a partial explanation, but it begins with the words "for purposes of illustration, and not for attribution to the Fed," so we cannot share the rest. But a professor at the New York University School of Law who teaches contract and commercial law, Clayton Gillette, laid it out.

First of all, he said, you do not have a debt until after you receive a good or a service. What about at a sit-down restaurant, where you pay after you eat? "Assuming the restaurant lets you know up front that they don't take cash, they're offering to serve you a meal, but they are offering it on their terms," Professor Gillette said. "If you consume the meal, you've accepted the terms of the contract."

Still, occasionally, the Luddites win. A couple of weeks ago, Lisa Gaytan, 60, and a friend walked into a Van Leeuwen Artisan Ice Cream store in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. Her friend ordered a vegan chocolate cone. He was told he could not pay with cash. He handed over his credit card. There was a problem with the card reader, or maybe the Wi-Fi. In any case, the machine was down. The cashier apologized and said the ice cream was on the house.

"My thought was, sometimes the analog world works better than the digital," Ms. Gaytan said. "We both walked out of there saying 'That was crazy.' "

Correction : An earlier version of this article misspelled the surname of Dos Toros's chief executive. He is Leo Kremer, not Kramer. Follow Andy Newman on Twitter: @andylocal. Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A 1 of the New York edition with the headline: As Businesses Demand Plastic, Cash Is Fast Losing Currency







Sign up for the New York Today Newsletter Each morning, get the latest on New York businesses, arts, sports, dining, style and more. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Not seeing and still believing is held up by Jesus as a greater thing than seeing and believing. But I'm not sure I have ever fully grasped what it is about faith that makes it precious in the eyes of God. Recently, with the help of friends — pastors, theologians, authors, fellow believers — I've tried to deepen my understanding on that subject.

To start out, it's worth noting that treating Christian faith as different from proof doesn't mean it's antithetical to evidence and reason. Christianity is a faith that claims to be rooted in history, not abstract philosophy. St. Paul wrote that if Jesus was not resurrected from the dead, the Christian faith is "futile" and followers of Jesus are "of all people most to be pitied."

Christians would say, in fact, that reason is affirmed in Scripture — "Come now, and let us reason together," is how the prophet Isaiah puts it — and that faith properly understood is consistent with and deepens our understanding of reality. "Reason purifies faith," George Weigel, my colleague at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, told me. "Faith without reason risks descending into superstition; reason without faith builds a world without windows, doors or skylights."

But faith itself, while not the converse of reason, is still distinct from it. If it seems like that's asking too much — if you think leaps of faith are for children rather than adults — consider this: Materialists, rationalists and atheists ultimately place their trust in certain propositions that require faith. To say that truth is only intelligible through reason is itself a statement of faith. Denying the existence of God is as much a leap of faith as asserting it. As the pastor Tim Keller told me, "Most of the things we most deeply believe in — for example, human rights and human equality — are not empirically provable."

"The supreme function of reason is to show man that some things are beyond reason," is how Blaise Pascal put it. Something would not require faith if the proof of it was absolute. According to Philip Yancey, the author of "The Jesus I Never Knew," "Faith requires the possibility of rejection, or it is not faith."

Perhaps the key to understanding why faith is prized within the Christian tradition is that it involves trust that would not be needed if the existence of God were subject to a mathematical proof. What God is seeking is not our intellectual assent so much as a relationship with us. That is, after all, one of the purposes of the incarnation of God in Jesus.

Every meaningful relationship — parent-child, spouse to spouse, friend to friend — involves some degree of trust. It is better and more vivifying to be the object of someone's trust rather than the last person standing after a series of logical deductions. That's true for us as individuals, and it can be true for God as well.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

Faith demonstrates human trust in him — and, according to James Forsyth, pastor at McLean Presbyterian Church in Virginia, which my family attends, it demonstrates that we accept God's love for us. "There is a force within love that longs to be received," he says.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Craig Barnes, the president of Princeton Theological Seminary, told me, "Faith is a greater blessing than proof because it gives us a relationship with Jesus. All good relationships are bound together by love. And love is always an expression of faith." He also pointed out that proofs don't necessarily inspire belief. Toward the end of his Gospel, Matthew mentions that some still doubted after they looked right at the risen Christ. ("When they saw him, they worshiped him; but some doubted.")

Some of those who witnessed the miracles of Jesus eventually sought to kill him. And Judas, one of Jesus' original disciples, betrayed him with a kiss. So sensory experience isn't enough to compel belief and allegiance.

Our most important forms of knowledge rarely come from logic or proof, according to Cherie Harder, the president of the Trinity Forum. Citing the work of the theologian Lesslie Newbigin, she says it comes through a more personal knowledge. For example, I know my wife loves me because I know her, I know her heart, I know her character, and because I trust her. "Your knowledge of her is less about physical certainty," Ms. Harder wrote to me, "and more about a well-placed confidence in who she is (a faith in her that is qualitatively different, and far more personal and holistic, than intellectual certainty)."

"Faith," Ms. Harder added, "is tied to love in a way that logical deduction and reason are not. We are changed by what we love more than what we think."

Faith can allow us to understand things in a different way than reason does, in a manner similar to what J.R.R. Tolkien meant when he said that pagan myths weren't lies but rather pointed toward deep truths. The imagination could be integrated into reason, he believed, in a way that helped us to see reality a bit more clearly. Reason is one way to perceive reality; faith — rooted not in partisan ideology but in grace and a sense of the sacred — is another.

There's one other difference between faith and reason. The latter can analyze things like quantum physics and modern cosmology. But what faith can do is to put our lives in an unfolding narrative in ways reason cannot. It gives us a role in a gripping drama, of which the Christmas story is one defining scene. It's a drama that includes sin and betrayal, redemption and grace; and ultimately it gives purpose to our lives despite the brokenness and pain we experience. This may mean nothing to you, but to people of faith, it can mean everything. If God is real, perhaps it should.

It's notable that when Thomas makes his request to Jesus, he's not condemned. Rather, Jesus gives Thomas what he needed — in his case, proof — and in doing so makes it clear that Jesus is willing to meet us where we are. Some need proof, at least as a start; for others, faith alone is enough.

According to Christian tradition, Thomas would eventually go on to serve as a missionary in India, where he was martyred. I imagine his faithfulness had less to do with putting his hand in the side of Jesus than what transpired within his heart. His intellectual doubts gave way to calm trust. In my experience, at least, that journey hasn't always been an easy one. For many of us, shadows of doubt coexist with faith.

To emphasize faith is not to cast out doubt. In fact, it is precisely to take doubt seriously, but also to understand the doubter more completely — not just as a reasoning mind but as a full person, possessed of a divine spark that lets us see, now and then, right through the walls we have built between faith and reason.
How is it that the police get to decide who is or isn't in a gang? Trying to survive just being poor and living in a dangerous neighborhood is hard enough without an arbitrary system that marks you for punishment by virtue of your existence.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

Even though Chicago is supposed to be a "sanctuary city," our police department shares its gang database with Immigration and Customs Enforcement. This year, I.C.E. officers raided the home of Wilmer Catalan-Ramirez, an undocumented immigrant. They threw him on the ground, fracturing his shoulder, and arrested him. His name was in the database, but the police department admitted Mr. Catalan-Ramirez wasn't in a gang. The city settled his civil lawsuit this month.

To most of us this would be a nightmare, but in Chicago this is actually a good outcome. He could have been like so many other people who can't afford a decent lawyer and are left to navigate the legal system without much help.

The saddest part is that many of us feel defeated. A mother in my neighborhood told me that her son was arrested after his name was wrongly included in the database. She wasn't even angry, just resigned to the reality in which too many of us are living. She's poor. What is she going to do? Hire a lawyer to get her son's name out of a database? Or save her pennies to bail him out of jail when the inevitable occurs? An impossible choice because the police oppose bail for anyone in the gang database.

When violence and crime are the norm, it's no wonder that a shell-shocked and struggling community will give the police carte blanche to hunt down the "bad guys," civil rights be damned. If the police say they are "documented gang members," fine, just get them off our streets.

But what if not all of these children — yes, we're often talking about kids in their early teens — are engaging in criminal activity? If the police say that you're in a gang, you must be, right?

Chicago's police department has long trampled on the civil rights of innocent children. The truth is, no one wants to hear this when another one of their nephews, neighbors or children has been murdered. They just want someone to pay, and the Chicago Police Department has a ready-made database of potential candidates.

My city's police department also uses a practice called "trolling" to increase arrests. The department gives overtime bonuses to officers who make arrests after their shifts are over. To the outside world, this may look heroic: The police are going above and beyond the call of duty by putting in extra hours to fight crime. In reality, however, it's just another way to incarcerate more people while lining the pockets of the arresting officers. Our tax dollars at work.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

For so long the problems in our neighborhoods have been allowed to fester. The people get poorer and violence increases. Desperate for safety and peace, we allow terrible practices like the gang database to continue. But there is a human cost to these policies, and I don't want my son, or anyone else's, to suffer. Racial profiling has never and will never keep Chicago safe. Real investments in our communities will.
Photo

Those of us on the Decision Desk of the Sidney Awards faced a moral dilemma. Could we give a Sidney to an essay the title of which we couldn't quote in a family newspaper? We decided that our mission, celebrating the year's best long-form journalism, is more important than the staid and stifling morality of patriarchal bourgeois neoliberal society.

So the first Sidney goes to Thomas Golianopoulos's essay "[Expletive] That Gator" from BuzzFeed. The essay is nominally about the death of Tommie Woodward. He was out drinking beers at his local bar in Orange, Tex., when he decided to take a swim in the nearby bayou. Somebody warned him that a large gator had been seen in it days before. He shouted out the exclamation that is the title of this article, jumped in the bayou and was promptly killed by said gator.

But the piece is really an engaging description of a slice of American life that, when it is described at all, is usually done so in a patronizing anthropological manner. Tommie and his surviving twin, Brian, were manual laborers who went through life working hard, partying hard and doing crazy stuff. Brian worked in a shipyard and now installs air-conditioners and likes eating odd things. "You've ever eaten cat?" he asks. There was a big stray cat that kept hanging around bothering him so he killed and barbecued it. How'd it taste? "Oily, man. Oily."

Golianopoulos beautifully captures the culture of the bar where the Woodwards hung out, Brian's grief and a part of the country where people are fully eccentric and know how to take care of things on their own.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

For demographic consistency, I'm moving next to Christopher Caldwell's essay "American Carnage" in First Things. Caldwell writes one of the most comprehensive depictions of the opioid crisis. He captures how alluring the drugs are. "If a heroin addict sees on the news that a user or two has died from an overly strong batch of heroin in some housing project somewhere, his first thought is, 'Where is that? That's the stuff I want.'" Caldwell explains how the crisis has touched even the small elements of life. Addicts need to make money to feed their habit. "Some neighborhood bodegas — the addicts know which ones — will pay 50 cents on the dollar for anything stolen from CVS. That is why razor blades, printer cartridges and other expensive portable items are now kept under lock and key."

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

At this point I'll pause to recognize the two monster essays of the year. Alex Tizon's "My Family's Slave" in The Atlantic occupied readers' time more than any other piece of English-language journalism on the internet this year. It's about a woman who worked as a slave in modern America. When Tizon's mother was a girl she spoke to a boy her father disapproved of. Her father announced she would have to take a beating as punishment. She told her father that Lola, the family slave, would take it for her. Lola silently stepped forward: "Tom raised the belt and delivered 12 lashes, punctuating each one with a word. You. Do. Not. Lie. To. Me." Lola made no sound.
The resistance continued with the town hall crowds that confronted Republican legislators as they tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act. And in case anyone wondered whether the vocal anti-Trump crowds and Trump's hugely negative polling would translate into political action, a string of special elections — capped by a giant Democratic wave in Virginia and a stunning upset in Alabama — has put such doubts to rest.

Let's be clear: America as we know it is still in mortal danger. Republicans still control all the levers of federal power, and never in the course of our nation's history have we been ruled by people less trustworthy.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

This obviously goes for Trump himself, who is clearly a dictator wannabe, with no respect whatsoever for democratic norms. But it also goes for Republicans in Congress, who have demonstrated again and again that they will do nothing to limit his actions. They have backed him up as he uses his office to enrich himself and his cronies, as he foments racial hatred, as he attempts a slow-motion purge of the Justice Department and the F.B.I.

In fact, there has been a strange dynamic over the past few months: The worse things look for Trump, the more closely Republicans tie themselves to him. One might have expected recent electoral defeats to give G.O.P. moderates a bit more backbone. Instead, senators like John McCain and Susan Collins, who won widespread praise for standing up against Obamacare repeal during the summer, went along meekly with a monstrously awful tax bill.

And the growing evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia doesn't seem to have induced any prominent Republicans who weren't already anti-Trump to take a stand. Instead, we've seen erstwhile critics like Lindsey Graham become obsequious toadies promoting Trump properties.

So we can't count on the consciences of Republicans to protect us. In particular, we need to be realistic about the likely results of Robert Mueller's investigation. The best bet is that no matter what Mueller finds, no matter how damning and no matter what Trump does — even if it involves blatant obstruction of justice — Republican majorities in Congress will back up their president and continue to sing his praises.

In other words, as long as Republicans control Congress, constitutional checks and balances are effectively a dead letter.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

So it's going to be up to the American people. They may once again have to make themselves heard in the streets. They'll certainly have to make their weight felt at the ballot box.

It's going to be hard, because the game is definitely rigged. Remember, Trump lost the popular vote but ended up in the White House anyway, and the midterm elections will be anything but fair. Gerrymandering and the concentration of Democratic-leaning voters in urban districts have created a situation in which Democrats could win a large majority of votes yet still fail to take the House of Representatives.

And even if voters rise up effectively against the awful people currently in power, we'll be a long way from restoring basic American values. Our democracy needs two decent parties, and at this point the G.O.P. seems to be irretrievably corrupt.

Even at best, in other words, it's going to take a long struggle to turn ourselves back into the nation we were supposed to be. Yet I am, as I said, far more hopeful than I was a year ago. America is not yet lost.
At a time when finance increasingly dominates the global economy, America's influence as a financial superpower is as great as ever. Central banks around the world are always looking for a safe place to park their money, and they usually buy United States assets, typically Treasury bills, which show up as dollars in their foreign exchange reserves. Since 1980, the dollar's share of foreign exchange reserves has held roughly steady at around 66 percent. This is in part the world's way of saying it not only trusts the United States to pay its debts but also trusts it more than Europe, Japan and especially China.

Serious money does not equate America with Mr. Trump, and those obsessed with American decline ignore the state of its rivals. The euro was introduced 19 years ago, ambitious to become a reserve currency, but its youth and the recurring fears of a eurozone breakup have limited the world's willingness to trust it. Aging Japan's long stagnation acts as a permanent cap on the yen's popularity. And outsiders remain even more wary of the renminbi, owing both to China's debt troubles and the standing threat that Communist rulers pose to free flows of capital.

On the other hand, confidence in the dollar reflects longstanding faith in American financial and political institutions and effectively ignores both the recent advent of Mr. Trump, who as a candidate threatened to reduce United States debt payments, and the dysfunction in his White House.

When businesses in two countries — say, India and Argentina — want to conduct a deal, they almost always arrange payment not in rupees or pesos but in dollars. Everyone wants to hold the world's most trusted and liquid currency. Nearly 90 percent of bank-financed international transactions are conducted in dollars, a share that is close to all-time highs.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

The world is on a dollar standard, and in some ways the reach of the dollar is expanding. When individuals and companies borrow from lenders in another country, they increasingly borrow in dollars, which now account for 75 percent of these global flows, up from 60 percent just before the global financial crisis in 2008. Even though the crisis began that year in the United States, American banks dominate global finance more now than they did before the crisis — in part because debt troubles have dogged banks in Europe, Japan and China even more persistently.

The share of countries that use the dollar as their main "anchor" — the currency against which they measure and stabilize the value of their own currency — has risen to 60 percent today from about 30 percent in 1950 and 50 percent in 1980. And those countries collectively account for some 70 percent of the global gross domestic product. In other words, most of the world chooses to live in a dollar bloc.

Critically, there is no sign that the dollar's status on any of these measures — as a reserve, an anchor or the favored currency for cross-border transactions and loans — has declined since Mr. Trump took office.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

In a dollar world, most countries are happiest when the dominant currency is cheap and plentiful. A strong dollar raises the cost of borrowing, which slows global economic growth and has often triggered debt crises in the emerging world. A weak dollar has the opposite effect, which is why the weakening of the dollar this year offers more evidence of its dominance: Partly as a result, the world is enjoying an unusually broad recovery encompassing every major economy.

The global embrace of the dollar matters not only as a sign of trust. Having the world's favorite reserve currency is a practical advantage, lowering borrowing costs and boosting G.D.P. growth in America, while symbolizing great power status. Not surprisingly, then, China in particular has been eager to challenge the dollar's supremacy.

Instead, the renminbi has gained no ground as a reserve currency and probably won't as long as China's financial markets remain largely closed, underdeveloped and subject to government meddling. One reason foreigners like to hold the dollar is that they know they will never get stuck with it, thanks to the vast, open and highly liquid American stock and bond markets.

Many observers nonetheless assume that with China rising as an economic power, financial clout will follow. Perhaps, but the United States surpassed Britain as the world's largest economy in the late 19th century, and the dollar did not fully displace British sterling as the leading reserve currency until after the world wars, which left British finances shattered. That doesn't mean it will take World War III to end the dollar's reign, but it will take time and a shock bigger than one unpredictable president.

History also suggests that economic size alone will not be enough to propel China to financial superpower status. From 1450 through the late 1700s, the leading reserve currency was held by smaller countries — first Portugal, followed by Spain, the Netherlands and France. These nations were all major trading and military powers with credible financial systems, but not one was the world's largest economy. Throughout those centuries, the leading economy was primarily China. It never gained the advantages of having the leading reserve currency because, then as now, its financial system lacked credibility.

No one doubts that China poses a growing military and economic challenge to the United States. But Mr. Trump's critics may be overstating both the scope and inevitability of American decline and the role one president can play in advancing it.

To identify which nation the world really trusts in the long term, follow the money. And money still flows downhill to the dollar — arguably the vote of confidence in America that matters most.
But on Reddit, sometimes magical things happen. Although the community is a disparate group of millions of users all around the world and there are plenty of trolls, the website fosters real human connections between strangers. I once received a hand knit scarf and a random assortment of local beer from a Secret Santa whom I never met. Another time, when I expressed interest in astronomy on another conversation thread, someone sent me science textbooks.

So, hoping for the best, I reached out to the SAT tutor, and a few days later he texted me back, introduced himself as James, and we made an appointment to meet.

On a clammy and cloudy Tuesday that December, I found James in the stacks of Barnes & Noble, wearing fancy boots, jeans and a plaid shirt. He was tall, confident and extremely articulate.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

"So, why did you drop out of rabbinical school? Crisis of faith?" he joked.

I told James that I was completely lost about how to get to college. My younger sister, a first-year student at the University of Chicago at the time, was an inspiration, but I had seen how hard she worked to get there, studying for her SATs since the seventh grade, diligently reading daily emails from the College Board with prep questions.

At 22, one glance at the college essay prompts would plunge me immediately into self-doubt. But I passionately wanted to go to school, to foster a curiosity that could not be sated with Talmud. I imagined being mentored by men in tweed jackets sitting in oversize armchairs, our faces illuminated by a crackling fire.

And James was supportive of that (although possibly amused by my vision of college). He spent hours with me that day demystifying the test-taking and application process and sharing study tools that I still find useful. He taught me the tricks to multiple-choice, and how to strategically answer math questions that I didn't recognize. He walked me through my difficulties with subject-verb agreements and showed me how to "hack" large passages of text in order to answer reading comprehension questions.

At one point, we moved our study session to a nearby diner and James talked while I furiously scribbled notes in the back of an old SAT book with yellowing pages. He told me a little bit about himself: He had gone to the fancy prep school where "Dead Poets Society" was filmed and had taken four years of Latin there.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

At one point, through bites of bacon and eggs, he started speaking in a strange dialect.

"What are you saying?" I asked when he stopped for breath and another slice of bacon. I was never that close to bacon, and it was distracting: It smelled like pastrami but was a little off, like being on a blind date with someone who is charming and likable but there's no romantic spark.

"That's Chaucer. 'Canterbury Tales,'" he said. "We had to memorize it in high school."

Through our conversation, I felt James's confidence rub off on me and my fear of failure dissipate. I sat higher in my chair. When I went to pay for the breakfast, however, my credit card was declined and I was mortified. A perfect stranger had given me hours of his professional time — free — and I couldn't even pay for breakfast. But he brushed it off, as if it was a nonissue.

For the next two months, I studied incredibly hard. I'd spend long afternoons and evenings at Starbucks, doing practice tests in a zombielike state. The night before the SAT, James sent me a good luck text and reminded me to eat a light breakfast, and bring snacks, a clock and extra pencils. I don't remember much of that day. I hit the ground running and didn't think. Eight weeks later, I received my score. I had jumped 400 points from my original test, and my writing section was in the 95th percentile.

I thanked him profusely, but didn't see James again for another four years or so. By that point, I was a senior at Hunter College, pursuing a degree in history and minors in linguistics and English. My research on Yeshivish, a dialectical English spoken among sections of Orthodox Jews, had won an award at a conference and I wanted to tell James about the wild success story that had come from his act of charity, and buy that breakfast I owed him.

At a restaurant in Jersey City — this time, kosher and bacon-free — we talked about his life and mine. I was working on applications to fellowships abroad. He was engaged to a doctor and they were moving out West for her job. We were both closing chapters in our lives and starting new ones.

Now I'm an English teacher in a Yeshiva similar to the one I attended, hoping to be the James that I wish I had when I was the students' age. I've been to college and back, prepared to counsel the next generation of students who decide to venture to worlds unknown.
I believe in redemption myself, though if I were in charge I think I'd be looking for evidence of repentance, too. And I'd be asking why people so deeply invested in redemption also tend to be so deeply invested in sending their fellow human beings to death row. But I'm trying to understand the country I've found myself in since last year's election, and these days I look hard for common ground.

It isn't easy to find. In her new book "Moral Combat: How Sex Divided American Christians and Fractured American Politics," R. Marie Griffith explains the divide between liberal and conservative Christians as a casualty of "the sex wars" — disagreements over women's rights, birth control, abortion and L.G.B.T. issues. By the time the Supreme Court's Obergefell v. Hodges decision legalized same-sex marriage in 2015, she writes, "the rupture between Christian antagonists in the sex wars felt irremediable: one could plausibly argue that Christianity had flat out split into two virtually nonoverlapping religions."

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

What Christians need is a new right-to-life movement, one in which we agree to disagree about contentious issues of sexuality and focus instead on what we share, on what we all believe. Jesus had nothing to say about birth control or abortion or homosexuality. He did have quite a lot to say about the poor and the vulnerable, and maybe that's a good place to start.

Surely Christians across the political spectrum believe we're called to feed the hungry, heal the sick, protect the weak and welcome the stranger. If we can agree on that much, and if we can keep our shrieking differences from wrecking the quiet conviction of shared belief, we could create a culture of life that has a chance of transcending the sex wars. I find myself hoping for a day when conservative Christian voters can elect conservative representatives for whom feeding the hungry and caring for the sick and welcoming refugees aren't political issues at all.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Here in Nashville, through an ecumenical program called Room in the Inn, nearly 200 congregations of many faiths take in our homeless neighbors during the winter months. Every night from November through March, volunteers arrive at the program's base of operations downtown to pick up around 250 homeless people and drive them to area churches. Guests get a good meal, a hot shower and a clean bed for the night. The next morning they get breakfast and a sack lunch to take when another set of volunteers arrives to drive them back downtown. That night the cycle starts all over again with another set of congregations.

The other day, I found a toddler's sippy cup lodged between the seats in the third row of my minivan. Our youngest child is 19, and we have no grandchildren. I held it, puzzled, until finally it dawned on me: My husband had taken his shift at Room in the Inn the night before, and this cup must belong to one of the homeless families he drove to our church.

Homeless babies. The very thought is enough to make a person weep.

It's Christmas, the day Christians celebrate a baby wrapped in swaddling clothes and lying in a manger because there was no room for his family at the inn. We owe it to that infant to do better by the babies here among us. To do better by their parents, trying so hard to keep them fed and clothed and healthy. We owe it to him to throw open our arms and the doors of our inns. "You who are hungry and hurting and alone and afraid, come inside," we will say. "You belong here."
There are at least two natural, but equally flawed, responses to this announcement: constantly seek out newness or look for a stable, deeper meaning to your existing routine. In the 18th century, these responses were centered in Italy and Germany, respectively. Their descendants persevere today.

The Italian — Casanova was the paradigm — decides that what is missing from his life is spontaneity: He has died within his routine because it kills all his natural desires. To become alive again, he commits himself passionately to following his desires, take him where they may. He takes on many lovers — thrilling, consuming affairs! — but eventually he leaves each one for the next; he lives in the moment without a care for his past commitments or his future possibilities. His life moves from one raw excitement to another. Eventually, however, he becomes isolated, inconstant and unmoored. He hurts those around him. He becomes incapable of genuine connection with anyone and unsure of who he really is. He despairs.

The German takes a different approach. Shall we call him Kant? He decides that what is missing is a reason for his routine. He seeks it out. He tells himself a story, one that delivers a meaningful justification of his daily life. And then he enters into the routine once again, determined this time to live in the knowledge that no matter how deadening it becomes, it is justified and therefore must be pursued. It is his duty to do so. But even though he knows the why of what he is doing, he cannot escape the feeling that he is not living by doing it. The monotony re-establishes itself. He cannot escape the ruthless assertion of its insignificance. He despairs.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

We see what these responses are aiming for — the aliveness they hope to achieve — by seeing how they ultimately fall short of their goal. To be alive is to have the passion of Casanova without its isolation, inconstancy and despair, or the resolute certainty of Kant, without its monotony and insignificance. Indeed, perhaps the best we can hope for is to point to the phenomenon in its absence: Aliveness is whatever is lacking when the monotony of the routine forces itself to the fore. But can we say something positive about what aliveness is?

A complete definition of the phenomenon is no doubt beyond our grasp. But there are two distinctive features of its elusiveness that I believe we can identify. The first is that every apparent source of aliveness disappears upon the inspection of it — the ground of aliveness recedes from view. Consider a simple example: the love you feel gazing at your lover's face. When you are in love, you are alive; the whole world vibrates with significance. It is natural to want to hold onto that aliveness, to make it last forever, to find its source. And where else could it be but in your lover's face? So you look. But beware! Look too closely and something falls apart.

For the greater the love that face evokes, the more transcendent your experience of that person, the less it seems possible that a face, a physical face, could actually be its ground. The phenomenon is filled with the deepest mystery, like the man who is God or the brain that is mind. After all, how could this fleshy, corporeal thing, of skin and veins and muscles and fat, how could this mere physical stuff and substance give rise to the ecstasy and transport of love? Of course it does! But the more you look at what a human face is, the less it seems capable of doing what it does. The object of love, as an object of love, dissolves in looking at it. The ground of aliveness withdraws from view.

The second feature is equally enigmatic. When you really feel alive, your past, your present and your future somehow make sense together as the unity they have always promised to be. I sometimes feel truly alive, for instance, when I am teaching my students. When it is going well, when we are connected and engaged and the classroom is buzzing, it is not just that we are sharing a special moment together. For me, that moment has the special character that it does because it fulfills the promise implicit in moments like that from my own childhood and youth. It is the validation of what came before just as it is the preparation for what comes after. When you see in your students the sense that what is happening now will stay with them, will remain alive as a future memory that can sustain them in some other moment, far away and very different from the one we are now sharing, then the moment vibrates with an energy it wouldn't otherwise have.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

That is at least one sense in which Bert unquestionably did write the line about aliveness in my lecture notes, because he manifested the very phenomenon it was about. For me, Bert's classroom was the most alive place on earth. The line in my lecture notes that three decades later demanded my attention — that line was not an isolated entity. It referred back to and was prepared for by the very phenomenon of aliveness that Bert's classroom introduced me to. The line is the fulfillment of all the aliveness that Bert's teaching held and promised for us.

But recently, I began to wonder whether there isn't a more literal sense in which Bert was the author of that line as well. Don't get me wrong. I don't believe I ever heard him talk about aliveness, and I don't associate the thought with any others I know he had. It doesn't even look like it belongs with the other lines around it there in the notes. But even so I am certain that line somehow emanates from him. For as surprising and unexpected as it is to hear that the goal of life is aliveness, I can see now that it is the view demanded by the life he led. And after all, isn't that the way it is sometimes? There are things that you know must be said, that are necessary, even though you don't know why. And only later, in your later years, will the necessity and the significance of those statements become clear. Because you grow into them, or they grow into you. Or both.

And isn't this, ultimately, another way to be alive? That we overflow with words and actions and ideas, at each moment saying and doing what it seems we must, but rarely understanding in its full depth why it is required? And sometimes we are wrong; we say or do things that mischaracterize or mistake. But sometimes we are right, deeply right — we say what is really and actually true — without knowing that we are right or understanding why. And when that happens our words and actions take on a life of their own — they come from us but extend beyond us, extend beyond even themselves.

So if Bert really was the author of that line, it's not just because he wrote it. It's because moreover, without even knowing it, he somehow buried it there in my lecture notes, long ago, as a secret treasure. And there it lay for years, for decades, waiting for the time when it could sprout up and come to life. A gift. A gift from him.

And now it is announced.
