Police officers searching for Gaia Pope have said they are "confident" that a body discovered in a clifftop field near Swanage yesterday afternoon is that of the missing teenager.

The discovery came after hundreds of volunteers scoured the Dorset countryside near the home of the 19-year-old, an epilepsy sufferer who was last seen 12 days ago.

The body was found at about 3pm yesterday by specialist search teams near the coastal path and field where items believed to be her clothing were discovered last week.

Gaia Pope was last seen 11 days ago; police thanked those who helped search for her

There has yet to be any formal identification but police were offering support to her family last night.

In a tearful television interview her sister Clara, 21, said Gaia was "the absolute light of my life, so beautiful, so emotionally.
Police officers searching for Gaia Pope have said they are "confident" that a body discovered in a clifftop field near Swanage yesterday afternoon is that of the missing teenager.

The discovery came after hundreds of volunteers scoured the Dorset countryside near the home of the 19-year-old, an epilepsy sufferer who was last seen 12 days ago.

The body was found at about 3pm yesterday by specialist search teams near the coastal path and field where items believed to be her clothing were discovered last week.

Gaia Pope was last seen 11 days ago; police thanked those who helped search for her

There has yet to be any formal identification but police were offering support to her family last night.

In a tearful television interview her sister Clara, 21, said Gaia was "the absolute light of my life, so beautiful, so emotionally.
Philip Hammond prepares last week for a budget that some Conservative MPs believe his job depends on FRANCESCO GUIDICINI.

Philip Hammond will use the budget this week to announce plans to build 300,000 homes every year — the equivalent of a city the size of Leeds.

The chancellor has revealed that he will unveil billions of pounds of extra investment, plus new powers and planning rules to ensure construction firms start building on sites that already have planning permission.

In an interview with The Sunday Times, Hammond said the government would stage an "intervention" because the market for developed land "is broken" with 270,000 unbuilt residential planning permissions in London alone.

Hammond vowed to do "whatever it takes" to get builders building and pledged that "the next generation will have the same opportunities as their parents to own a home ".

The chancellor will:
The chancellor's bold declaration today that driverless cars will be on Britain's roads within four years may cost him one vote — Jeremy Clarkson says he was nearly killed twice in a matter of minutes while trying out the technology.

The Grand Tour host reveals that a recent motorway outing with a partly autonomous car was nearly his last.

"I drove a car the other day which has a claim of autonomous capability and twice in the space of 50 miles on the M4 it made a mistake, a huge mistake, which could have resulted in death," he said. "We have to be very careful legally, so I'm not going to say which one."

Clarkson said the incidents convinced him the technology was still "a…
Police officers searching for Gaia Pope have said they are "confident" that a body discovered in a clifftop field near Swanage yesterday afternoon is that of the missing teenager.

The discovery came after hundreds of volunteers scoured the Dorset countryside near the home of the 19-year-old, an epilepsy sufferer who was last seen 12 days ago.

The body was found at about 3pm yesterday by specialist search teams near the coastal path and field where items believed to be her clothing were discovered last week.

Gaia Pope was last seen 11 days ago; police thanked those who helped search for her

There has yet to be any formal identification but police were offering support to her family last night.

In a tearful television interview her sister Clara, 21, said Gaia was "the absolute light of my life, so beautiful, so emotionally…
Scotland

It's not just about Edinburgh (though the capital is lovely). Here's to the Highlands and far-flung locations where you can escape without being out of touch
From romantic to family, our category winners are at the top of their game

Hotel of the Year 2017 The Pointer Foodie The Pointer isn't nominally a hotel at all. It's a pub that sits in the ancient village of Brill, perched on a hilltop overlooking... Read the reviewView all Foodie hotels

The Bull Shed B&B How do you fancy breakfast cooked by a former MasterChef quarter-finalist, Amanda Burningham? The Full Bull, as it's lovingly referred... Read the reviewView all B&Bs

Artist Residence Romantic This is the fourth in a much-loved mini chain of quirky properties, after London, Brighton and Penzance, and the group's first foray... Read the reviewView all Romantic hotels

Rudding Park Spa The shiny new spa complex at Rudding Park, near Harrogate, cost £9.5m. We reckon it's money well spent. Its pièce de résistance is... Read the reviewView all Spa hotels

The Ned City This dazzling addition to the Soho House group of hotels and members' clubs is less a hotel and more a small village, having 252 rooms... Read the reviewView all City hotels

The Mash Inn Posh Pubs At this refurbished village pub in the Chilterns, the overnight guests have taken over the landlord's quarters. The chic, well-proportioned... Read the reviewView all Posh Pubs

Another Place Family The setting was never a problem: right on Ullswater, with the rugged outline of Helvellyn filling most of the skyline. But for all... Read the reviewView all Family hotels

Pig on the Beach Seaside It was our hotel of the year in 2014, and it's only got better since — so much so that we can't think of anywhere we'd rather be beside... Read the reviewView all Seaside hotels
In episode one of The Grand Tour, second series, Richard Hammond drives up a Swiss mountain, skids at 120mph, somersaults through the air, then rolls downhill in a £1m car that, moments later, sets itself on fire. He crawls from the cockpit just before it's consumed by flames. The recording from the onboard microphone survived the inferno, even though the video was burnt to a crisp, so the screech of metal is painfully audible, as well as Hammond's muffled noises. "I was upside down with a helmet and seatbelt, squashed up with a broken leg, saying, 'Somebody will come and get me,'" he recalls. "Then I thought, 'No, I really do need to get out now, a fire may have started.'"

Five months on, sitting…
Rob Goldstone was one of the most distinctive faces of the summer, his ample features emblazoned across page and screen, staring out from a slew of selfies in silly hats, posing alongside celebrities or engaged in comedic solo video vignettes. The British music publicist emerged from nowhere as an implausible central figure in the torrent of allegations claiming that Donald Trump's presidential campaign colluded with the Kremlin to win last year's election against Hillary Clinton. And the images of Goldstone plucked from the rich trove of his social-media outpourings added an eccentric flavour to the saga swirling around the White House.

Then he disappeared — until now. As the great American political drama has plunged through its latest convolutions, and charges have been laid against former…
It felt like a revolution. They came from all over the country and all walks of life. Young and old, opposition activists and party apparatchiks, white farmers and black war veterans, housewives and their maids.

For years many of them had been on opposing sides, but yesterday they had one common objective. "Mugabe must go!" read the banners as thousands of Zimbabweans filled the streets of Harare draped in their red, yellow, green and black flag, playing music, dancing and hugging strangers.

The slow-motion coup that began when the army arrested President Robert Mugabe on Wednesday was not yet over, but everyone knew that his own party was preparing to remove him.

A road sign is consigned to the bin in Harare yesterday

A majority of his Zanu-PF party has voted no-confidence motions against him and…
The chief inspector of schools, Amanda Spielman, said hijabs could be seen to be sexualising children

Inspectors are to question children who wear the hijab to primary school, amid concern that girls as young as four are being forced to wear the Muslim headscarf.

The controversial move to ask children why they wear the hijab to school is announced today by the chief inspector of schools, Amanda Spielman.

It will be the first time the rise of the classroom hijab has been officially challenged in state schools in England — or the reason given for wearing it recorded in school reports.

Spielman says in a statement today that primary school hijabs could be seen to be sexualising children because the headscarf is traditionally worn as a sign of modesty in front of men when Muslim girls reach puberty.

Some schools could…
One day he may come to be remembered as the British music publicist who brought down Donald Trump, but Rob Goldstone insists he was merely a "useful idiot" whose contacts with a Russian pop star accidentally plunged him into an American presidential scandal.

"I never thought in a million years that an email I wrote to [Trump's son Donald Trump Jr] . . . would be examined by the world many times over," Goldstone tells The Sunday Times Magazine today in an exclusive interview after his emergence earlier this year as a central figure in the US justice department investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.

Goldstone left his home in New Jersey earlier this year for a planned trip to the Far…
Theresa May's aides have begun planning for an emergency reshuffle in case her deputy, Damian Green, is forced to resign after claims that pornography was found on his parliamentary computers when his office was raided by police in 2008.

Senior government sources say the prime minister would like to persuade Lord Hague of Richmond to return as her right-hand man if Green is forced out — but overtures to the former foreign secre­tary indicate that he does not want to come back to the cabinet.

Sue Gray — the Cabinet Office head of propriety and ethics — is investigating whether Green misled No 10 about the claims revealed by The Sunday Times and the way he attacked Bob Quick, the former Metropolitan police chief who confirmed his…
The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh at Buckingham Palace for their 70th anniversary MATT HOLYOAK/CAMERA PRESS

They never seemed likely to make much of a fuss about their 70th wedding anniversary.

The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh rolled back the years, however, with a special commemorative portrait issued by Buckingham Palace last night in honour of yet another landmark in their record-breaking marriage.

The photograph of the royal couple, both in their nineties but looking singularly sprightly, was taken in the White Drawing Room at Windsor Castle earlier this month.

It was accompanied by the issue of a new set of six postage stamps marking the couple's platinum anniversary tomorrow.

For the longest-serving monarch and the longest-living consort in British history, it was a moment to reflect on a remarkable seven-decade union that has far surpassed the previous record for…
Tam Fry of the National Obesity Forum said the hip surgery figures were 'truly saddening' KEN MCKAY

Children between the age of 10 and 19 are having hip replacements because they are obese, according to official figures.

Over the past three years 10 children and teenagers aged between 10 and 19 had hip replacements where obesity was the main, or second most important, cause, according to NHS Digital, formerly known as the Health and Social Care Information Centre. About 20% of children are obese by the time they leave primary school, according to the government's National Child Measurement Programme.

Tam Fry, chairman of the National Obesity Forum, said the figures were "truly saddening", adding: "Though today's numbers may appear small, they hide a near certainty that they will escalate in the years to come.

"We must urgently focus our effort on stopping…
Low-alcoholic wine used to be considered worse than window-cleaner fluid and as socially acceptable at a dinner party as takeaway pizza.

But the rising number of young people who do not drink, or at least drink far less than their parents, means it is enjoying a resurgence. Tomorrow Tesco is launching two sparkling wines with just 0.5% alcohol, following the launch of three still wines, including a red, this summer, which it said sold surprisingly well.

Alexandra Runciman, the Tesco wine expert, who developed the sparkling sauvignon blanc and garnacha rosé from Spain, said: "Consumption of alcohol in the UK is down 18% over the last decade and we're seeing more customers looking for a quality wine-drinking experience without the alcohol."

Marks & Spencer is…
Dragging on her king-sized cigarette in front of a no-smoking sign, her long, red-dyed hair falling over her silver fur coat, Davina Ayrton smiled at the camera just before she was sentenced to eight years in prison for raping a schoolgirl.

For anyone asking how a woman can be convicted of rape — which in law requires the use of a penis — the answer is Ayrton, previously known as David, was a man when she pinned down her 15-year-old victim in a Portsmouth garage. She still has her male genitalia.

At trial Ayrton expressed a wish to serve her time in a women's prison. Now a proposed change in the law makes her desire a real prospect.

In March, Jessica Winfield, a transgender double…
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), which investigates misconduct and racism, is riddled with corruption and discriminatory practices, according to a whistleblower.

Carol Howard, a former investigator at the police watchdog who was the Metropolitan police poster girl for the London 2012 Olympics, claims senior executives "believe their duty is not to investigate officers but to protect the reputation of the police force concerned and its senior officers in particular".

She also says that some investigators at the watchdog secretly support the racist police officers whom they are investigating. As a result they try to "frustrate, delay, restrict and close down investigations" to protect the targets of their inquiries.

Howard: victim of bullying MATTHEW STYLIANOU/CORBIS OUTLINE

Howard, 37, who is suing the IPCC for racial discrimination and victimisation, previously came to public…
Chris Green in Helmand. He has been asked by military police to provide a witness statement about the killings

A top secret SAS night raid in Afghanistan is being investigated by the Royal Military Police (RMP) after a British Army officer revealed that three apparently innocent villagers were killed in the operation.

The allegation that the SAS may have targeted and killed the wrong people was first made by Major Chris Green, a decorated officer who served with the Grenadier Guards, in an interview with The Sunday Times this summer.

He said: "There is a myth that the SAS can do no wrong. That myth needs to be exposed."

It was one of a series of reports by this newspaper exposing alleged war crimes during a campaign of night raids in Afghanistan carried out by British special forces.

Many of the cases were being…
Red and yellow areas of a thermal image show where heat is leaking from a house ALAMY

Britain's biggest housebuilders build "crap houses" that cheat the public because their energy efficiency is far lower than claimed — typically costing buyers £250 a year in extra fuel, according to Lord Deben, chairman of the government's committee on climate change.

He believes the energy performance certificates (EPCs) that developers obtain for their new homes routinely overstate how warm they will be — and understate the likely energy bills.

A Sunday Times investigation confirms his allegations, with one accredited energy assessor describing how the industry uses "bodging" tactics to ensure new homes get higher energy ratings than they deserve.

Deben, who as John Gummer was a Tory environment secretary, told a meeting: "Every year we build 200,000 houses, [but most] are crap because they do…
It is a talking point for everyone who travels between junctions 22 and 23 of the M62 near Huddersfield. Why is there a farm in the middle of the motorway?

Stott Hall Farm has passed into northern myth. Stories tell of a stubborn West Yorkshire farmer who refused to budge when the road was built in the 1960s.

The truth is a little more complicated. Upland sheep farmers Paul Thorp and his wife, Jill Falkingham-Thorp, who live there with their four-year-old son, John-William, today reveal what life is like between the lanes of speeding traffic.

Jill Falkingham-Thorp and Paul Thorp live with son John-William on a farm in the middle of the M62

As a family, they look after 900 ewes and 20 Angus cattle, which graze on open moorland beyond the motorway. They reach their animals by underpass.

The farm, which consists…
The American singer and actor David Cassidy was in a critical condition in a Florida hospital last night with organ failure. Cassidy, 67, who became a teen idol as the star of the 1970s sitcom The Partridge Family, said in February that he was suffering from dementia. In 2008 he admitted to problems with alcohol.

Human trafficking: 24 suspects held

More than 300 police officers arrested 24 people on suspicion of offences including rape and human trafficking in a series of raids across Surrey yesterday. Detectives also recovered three stolen vehicles worth around £100,000, and a "significant" amount of cash was found in one property.

Tintin's auction coup



An ink drawing of Tintin, the boy detective, and his dog Snowy in Hergé's King Ottoker's Sceptre was sold yesterday for $500,000 (£380,000) at auction in Paris. The Belgian cartoonist's real name was Georges Rémi.

Computer science to get school boost

The chancellor is expected to announce money for 8,000 new computer science…
Jessica Burkey climbing in Calf Holes cave in North Yorkshire. Although thousands of cave entrances in England are on open-access land that is available to ramblers, some landowners bar access Mark Burkey/The Sunday Times

You have the right to roam on mountains and moors — but what about under them? Potholers plan to use freedom-to-roam laws to explore what lies beneath the feet of ramblers.

Tim Allen of the British Caving Association (BCA), who is leading the campaign to open up access to caves under the Countryside and Rights of Way (Crow) Act 2000, said: "We want to be treated in the same way that other outdoor activities like climbing, fell running and scrambling are treated."

Although 2,000 cave entrances across England are on open-access land available to ramblers for "open-air recreation", some landowners bar access to the caves.

The BCA has legal advice that the law entitles potholers to the same freedoms as ramblers, including an opinion from…
Playwright Joe Orton pictured in the Islington home he was murdered in GEORGE ELAM/DAILY MAIL/REX/SHUTTERSHOCK

It is a murder that still haunts us 50 years on. In August 1967 the playwright Joe Orton was found dead in his north London home, bludgeoned by nine hammer blows from his partner Kenneth Halliwell, who then killed himself.

No one else was present — but it can now be revealed that a third person had been involved.

Two of Orton's colleagues say a television executive who wanted the playwright for himself provoked the murder by driving the unstable Halliwell into such a paranoid state that he lost control.

Halliwell, according to previously unheard tapes, was about to be sectioned but killed his lover the evening before he was due to go to hospital.

Orton and Halliwell had been living together for 15 years.…
Children need to be taught about dealing with terrorism in the same way that they already receive sex education and drugs advice at school, a police chief has claimed.

Lucy D'Orsi, Britain's most senior female counter-terrorism officer, said the Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people, had "amplified" the need for youngsters to be routinely trained about what to do in a terrorist attack.

She said knowing how to remain safe had to become part of a child's natural "make-up".

D'Orsi, a deputy assistant commissioner in the Metropolitan police, said terrorism awareness training for secondary school children needed to become "normal" in the same way that wearing a seatbelt became standard practice following public information campaigns in the early 1980s.

Her comments came as police…
Haskell: 'nobody checks any more. They believe everything they see' DAVID ROGERS

The England rugby star James Haskell has told how Facebook took money from fraudsters to spread lies about him — and "couldn't have cared less" when he tried to complain.

The 32-year-old flanker, who has earned 75 caps for his country, was the subject of a spate of fake news reports that said he had committed suicide, died of an overdose or been arrested after using banned steroids.

One story, purporting to be from the respected ESPN sports website, claimed to expose the player's "dirty secret . . . that he's been trying to keep under wraps for years".

Another, headlined "James Haskell, gone at 31", said "rugby fans around the world" were in shock after the player was "discovered alone in his home" at…
Children at St Stephen's School in east London know their times tables and are reading 'hard' books by the time they are seven AKIRA SUEMORI

An East End state school in one of the poorest parts of England has beaten every private school to come top in the Sunday Times league tables, published today.

The 11-year-olds at St Stephen's School Primary School in East Ham — where nearly all the pupils speak English as a second language and most are from Indian, Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds — were the best at reading, spelling and doing their sums.

It is the first time a state primary has topped the tables, although independent schools point out that many of them do not sit Sats. The school's combined test score of 340 just pipped the 339 scored by girls at Guildford High Junior School, which charges up to £13,356 a year for children…
Jack Straw received about £21,000 plus expenses for attending three events, and David Miliband received £12,000 GETTY

Senior British politicians have been paid tens of thousands of pounds by a think tank closely linked to the Kremlin.

The Paris-based Center of Political and Foreign Affairs (CPFA) is caught up in the Trump-Russia investigation after paying a reported $50,000 (£38,000) to Donald Trump Jr for a meeting a month before the American presidential election last year.

However, the centre has also paid more than £52,000 in fees and expenses to at least four leading British politicians — the former foreign secretaries Jack Straw and David Miliband, and the former chancellors Lord Darling and Lord Lamont.

Lord Ashdown, the former Liberal Democrat leader, said the CPFA had offered him £12,000 in August last year. He refused and alerted the Foreign Office after becoming "deeply…
Richard Leonard warned that Kezia Dugdale could be suspended for taking part in I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! Getty Images

Richard Leonard is under immediate pressure as Scottish Labour's fourth leader in three years after warning that his predecessor could be suspended from the party for taking time off to appear in a reality TV show.

The privately educated left-wing ally of Jeremy Corbyn spoke out after winning 56.7% of the vote, defeating Anas Sarwar, a moderate, to become leader.

Yet his criticism of Kezia Dugdale's decision to appear on I'm a Celebrity . . . Get Me Out of Here! sparked a backlash from colleagues and on social media. It forced Corbyn to intervene and warn against tough action.

He said: "I don't think it's appropriate to suspend someone from the party for doing that, that's her choice."

Leonard, an MSP for only 18…
The civil servant adjudicating on the fate of Damian Green honed her skills as one of the most feared and respected officials in Whitehall after successfully running a pub in Northern Ireland at the height of the Troubles.

Sue Gray, 60, who also oversaw the Plebgate inquiry, took an unusual "career break" in the 1980s, running The Cove public house near Newry with her husband, Bill Conlon, a country and western singer.

The pub, popular with both Protestants and Catholics, was less than 10 miles from the Irish border in a region so violent it was dubbed "Bandit Country". It has since closed down.

"She was a good landlady," said Adrian Fegan, who drank at the pub when Gray owned it with her husband. "I…
Whales feeding in the deep ocean, far from land, have been filmed battling with plastic pollution, finding themselves tangled in bags and with their calves dying from poisoning.

The BBC team behind tonight's Blue Planet II episode sought out short-finned pilot whales in the Atlantic which are renowned for forming close family units.

What the team found was a mother carrying a dead calf in its mouth with other adults refusing to feed in apparent sympathy. Another whale in tonight's episode was pictured with a plastic bag wrapped around a fin.

Dr Paul Jepson, a wildlife health expert at the Zoological Society of London and an adviser to Blue Planet II, said plastic ingested by mother whales had been shown to turn their milk toxic:…
Recently, Bono has been worried about how he will be remembered when he dies. "The loss of David Bowie affected me profoundly," he says. "And Leonard Cohen, who I didn't know as well as David, but I knew Leonard." Both singers were given a vibrant sendoff, and the tributes were 99% positive. That won't happen for Bono.

"At your funeral, nobody talks about what you achieved," he says a little sadly. "They talk about whether you were funny or not. Were you kind to your kids? So I'm moving away from worrying too much about legacy, as regards U2 or my own work, to be more concerned about what my kids and friends think of me."

I met Bono in Sao Paulo last month on…
Open with a joke, they say. Theresa May's gag certainly got a big laugh when she began her October 2016 party conference speech. It was the perfect way to break the ice with the party faithful. In retrospect, it might have been better not to choose as her joke the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson.

Clearly revelling in her big moment, May strode to the mark and said: "When we came to Birmingham this week, some big questions were hanging in the air. Do we have a plan for Brexit? We do. Are we ready for the effort it will take to see it through? We are." May paused, taking her audience by the hand towards the punchline: "Can Boris Johnson stay on message for a…
Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.
All Hart: be a kind to yourself and you will have the reserves to be kinder to those around you

So, here's the thing. I believe we are all doing way too much. We push ourselves too hard. We overcommit. We are all "crazy busy". I hear it all the time. "Sorry, I'm late, it's just CRAAAAZY BUSY." "The diary is MENTAL — I'm just SOOOO BUSY." (Said with a long, drawn-out, slightly posh drawl, whether you're posh or not.) A lot of people do it because they define their self-worth by their busy-ness (a whole other article), but most of us struggle to say "no" and do it for the best of motives: because we want to be good and nice.

"Yes, I know I have a temperature of 103," we think, "but I said to Marjorie I would do the flowers for church,…
For a man whose job is apparently on the line and who is regarded as a lugubrious purveyor of political misery, Philip Hammond is surprisingly chipper. "There never was an Eeyore," he declared of the nickname by which he is known among some Tory MPs. "I've always been an optimist."

This is probably just as well. After a disastrous general election campaign and a farcical Conservative Party conference, it falls to Hammond to try to revive Tory fortunes in this week's budget and prove that he can be trusted with the second-biggest job in government.

It is a challenge that would stretch a politician with more natural gifts than Hammond: wrestling with growing demands for public spending, a lack of cash and cabinet colleagues who…
Weak leadership under Theresa May is leading EU officials to doubt Britain can 'steer the Brexit ship' SEAN GALLUP

The European Union has set up a taskforce to prepare for a no-deal Brexit as officials say there is a "significant likelihood" that Britain could crash out of the bloc following a collapse of Theresa May's government.

The Sunday Times has been given insight into confidential contingency plans by the European Commission and national authorities showing that they would need to invest hundreds of millions of pounds in preparing for a disorderly Brexit in 2019. Internal European Commission documents reveal how a "Brexit preparedness group" is planning for a worst-case scenario. The contingency plans include disconnecting the UK from European Union security databases, and will be shared with European governments.

In the case of a disorderly divorce, officials also revealed that Britain would only "gradually"…
Boris Johnson and Michael Gove will demand tomorrow that Theresa May begin cabinet talks on Britain's final deal with Brussels before giving her backing to hand £40bn to the EU.

The two Brexiteers will attend a cabinet committee where the prime minister will ask for support to make the offer to ensure EU leaders approve the start of trade talks. It will be the first time Gove has attended the special Brexit "war cabinet".

Johnson and Gove were called in last week for talks with May's chief of staff, Gavin Barwell, and Oliver Robbins, her chief negotiator, in the hope they would approve the offer, which May wants to make on the eve of a summit in Brussels next month so it is judged "sufficient…
Powers clawed back from Brussels after Brexit must go to the regions rather than reverting to parliament, demands the mayor of Manchester Andy Burnham.

In a piece today for The Sunday Times, Burnham declares that "Westminster has failed the north of England" and ministers should not be allowed to determine its future alone.

"Increasing the concentration of powers in Westminster by adding more powers from the EU will fail," he writes. "It will only drive more frustration and disillusion. Brexit will be successful only if it meets the demands of those who voted to leave to take back control.

"But for people in Greater Manchester and across the north that does not mean more powers for ministers. It means giving us the ability to make…
The national waiting-time target that guarantees patients will be treated within 18 weeks will be axed unless the chancellor finds more money for the NHS, it has been claimed.

Under the constitution of the NHS, patients in England have a right to start non-urgent treatment within 18 weeks of referral. The maximum wait for urgent cancer cases is two weeks.

However, waiting times have been steadily rising over the past four years. In March, it was announced the 18-week rule would be relaxed.

Labour's shadow health secretary, Jonathan Ashworth, fears the target could be ditched unless funds are pumped into the NHS to put it on a "long-term, sustainable footing".

He said: "We want to see the chancellor match Labour's spending plans for the NHS . . .…
The government is to cut the six-week wait for universal credit payments to 31 days, it has been claimed. A source familiar with the plan says the reduction will be announced in Wednesday's budget.

The news comes days after MPs voted unanimously to slash the wait for a first payment from six weeks to four after the government refused to contest the controversy, knowing defeat was inevitable. The vote was non-binding.

It followed a debate led by Frank Field, the Labour chairman of the work and pensions committee, who said that the cut to four weeks was vital to give claimants "slightly better Christmases".

This comes amid claims that some people will lose universal credit at Christmas. This is because they are paid weekly and…
The Ministry of Defence's top scientist is barred from overseeing Britain's nuclear weapons programme because his dual nationality means he cannot be given the required security clearance.

Hugh Durrant-Whyte, who holds UK and Australian nationality, was appointed as the MoD's chief scientific adviser in April despite the fact he is unable to carry out a key part of his £140,000-a-year job.

The adviser is meant to oversee Britain's military science and technology programmes, including the manufacture of nuclear warheads and the submarine-launched Trident missile system, which is reliant on US technology.

Scrutiny of nuclear programmes is believed to make up about a third of the role and was part of the job description when it was advertised last year. However, Australia does not have nuclear…
Strictly Come Dancing has put dance among Britain's most popular pastimes — but only with spectators. Researchers say its reign at the top of the television ratings tables has coincided with the biggest recorded decline in actual dancing.

The proportion of men dancing has fallen by half, and the proportion of women by nearly a third. The biggest declines happened from 2004, the year of the first Strictly series.

"This marked decline by 49% in males and 31% in females occurred in fewer than 10 years," said research published in Preventive Medicine, a journal. "[Such] decreases in participation have never been observed for other sports in previous studies in England over such a short period."

It coincides with Strictly's peak viewing. Last night's "Blackpool special"…
Stanley Johnson is best known as the father of Boris Johnson, the foreign secretary. Tonight he has a shot at a different kind of fame — as a spider-crushing, testicle-chewing, iguana-cuddling adventurer ready for any challenge in the latest series of I'm a Celebrity . . . Get Me Out of Here!.

A certain amount of media ridicule accompanied the announcement that Johnson Sr, 77, was headed for the wilds of Australia but he may surprise the doubters.

The author and former Tory MEP turns out to be no stranger to intimidating beasts and menacing habitats. "Travelling in wild and wonderful places has been a large part of my life," he told The Sunday Times.

Shortly before he was locked away in the Australian "jungle"—…
Harmful emissions in Africa and the Far East will contribute to a 4C rise in global temperatures, experts say ALAMY

They were meant to save the planet, but the UN climate talks in Bonn have left the world facing an increase in greenhouse gas emissions that could see global temperatures rise by about 4C by 2100.

The aim of the talks, which finished yesterday, was to agree cuts in the 52bn tons of greenhouse gases that humanity pours into the air each year. Scientists say this must fall to 42bn tons by 2030 to keep rises below 2C.

Last night UN climate negotiators calculated that the cuts in emissions pledged by countries such as the UK and Japan would be eclipsed by massive increases from developing countries in Africa and the Far East.

By 2030 it means people will emit the equivalent of 53bn tons…
First it was colouring books. Now it is the turn of the advent calendar to be given a makeover for grown-ups — and some of this year's festive calendars on sale are certainly very "adult".

Selfridges is selling an erotic version for £230, which contains sex toys and "soft bondage" items as perhaps the most alternative countdown to Christmas for those who really want to enjoy the experience.

For others who hope to anaesthetise the pain of the festive season, an advent calendar from the Master of Malt website has a small bottle of rare whisky behind each window — if you can afford the £1,000 price tag.

This comes after a difficult week for the advent calendar. It used to be a simple paper…
The father of the murdered EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie has finally disowned his son, who killed his sister, dismembered her body and dumped it in the Regent's Canal in north London.

Anthony McCluskie had originally stood by his son, Tony, because he did not want to lose both his children at the same time, but said that a row with his son during a prison visit had changed his view. His son has shown no remorse for murdering his younger sister.

Tony McCluskie, who has claimed that he has no recollection of the murder, was jailed with a minimum sentence of 20 years. He had been a heavy cannabis user, smoking up to 15 joints a day. The siblings are said to have fallen out…
Emma Thompson supports a letter from mothers calling for Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe to be freed PA

The actress Emma Thompson has joined the campaign calling for the release of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, the British-Iranian mother who has been in jail in Iran for nearly 19 months.

On Saturday, the Oscar winner will lead a march of families in Zaghari-Ratcliffe's neighbourhood in northwest London, and is supporting a "mothers' letter" to be sent to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, urging him to free her so she can be reunited with her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, and their daughter, Gabriella, 3.

The Radio 2 broadcaster Sara Cox and television presenter Kirstie Allsopp also back the campaign.

Zaghari-Ratcliffe was on holiday with Gabriella in Tehran, visiting family, when she was seized and falsely accused of plotting to topple the state.

Thompson, who has two children,…
Nobody likes to find out they are less popular than a cow, particularly Robbie Williams.

The surprise hit of the autumn has not been the pop star's biography, but The Secret Life of Cows by Rosamund Young, a farmer, who chronicles the life of Amelia, Desdemona, Charlotte, Dolly and the rest of the herd on her organic farm in Worcestershire.

Since its publication last month, The Secret Life of Cows has sold more than 16,000 copies, occupying No 6 this weekend in The Sunday Times's general hardback chart for the second week in a row.

By comparison, Reveal: Robbie Williams has sold fewer than 20,000 copies despite a huge marketing push and being on sale for longer — it came out in September — and is now…
The Women's Equality Party has been accused of allowing itself to be "captured" by the transgender lobby after it began investigating a senior party figure for "promoting prejudice against the transgender community" on the BBC.

The feminist party — co-founded by Sandi Toksvig, the host of the BBC panel show QI, and Catherine Mayer, an author — is investigating Heather Brunskell-Evans, a writer and academic, after her appearance on last Wednesday's Moral Maze programme on Radio 4. It told her it would also examine her social media posts because of complaints about a tweet that said: "We have to #ROAR about the harms of transgenderism for children and young people."

This weekend Brunskell-Evans said: "I fear the Women's Equality Party has been captured by the…
It is the end of an era and a sign of the changing times. The body representing Britain's top independent boys' schools, including Eton, Harrow and Rugby, is poised to sever all links with a historic gentlemen's club because it bars women from parts of its building.

Founded in 1849, the East India Club in St James's Square, London, boasts "a long tradition as a gentleman's home from home". Past members include Lord Randolph Churchill, Earl Mountbatten of Burma and Denis Thatcher.

Yet the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference, which represents leading public schools, has proposed severing links with the club — because female heads are denied access to parts of the building, including the bar and the main reading room.

"The fact the club treats…
Do not offer a Chinese shopper a red pen — it is bad luck. Staff at Manchester's department stores and its airport are being trained in Chinese customs to cope with a boom in visitors in the run-up to Christmas.

More than 90,000 passengers have flown between Manchester and Beijing since a new route opened a year ago and Chinese spending in shops across the north of England has doubled to £139m, according to the consultancy Steer Davies Gleave.

Now the city's Harvey Nichols branch has told its staff that although red is considered lucky in China and red products sell well, there is a superstition about using red ink because the names of the dead were once written in red on gravestones.

Sales staff…
Recorded sexual offences other than rape rose to 76,567 last year ALAMY

Soaring numbers of domestic violence cases threaten to overwhelm police unless extra funding is found in the budget, according to a leaked document prepared by the country's most senior officers.

Warning of a "significant impact" on investigations, the analysis for the National Police Chiefs Council was submitted to the Home Office to support a request for an extra £18m a year to tackle the surge in cases.

The sum was the minimum necessary to "solve future domestic abuse cases" after the number of incidents rocketed by 61% between August 2013 and March 2016.

Estimates in the submission show 6.8m hours of police time was spent responding to 1m domestic violence incidents last year, costing almost £160m.

The documents, marked "official sensitive", also reveal that if…
Drinkers aged 55-64 in England and Scotland now consume more alcohol than any other age group ALAMY

If you plan to give a bottle of whisky, brandy or champagne to the over-50s this Christmas, health campaigners would like you to think again.

It is not the young who are prone to problem drinking, they argue, but those of a mature vintage who need help to tackle their tippling.

For the first time in recent history, drinkers aged 55-64 in England and Scotland consume more alcohol, and are more likely to exceed the weekly recommended guidelines, than any other age group, according to a report by the Drink Wise, Age Well programme.

Baroness Hayter, vice-chairwoman of the all-party parliamentary group on alcohol harm, said harmful drinking was still associated in the public mind with "late nights, hangovers, football fans, stag parties, missed work…
The child sex abuse inquiry set up by Theresa May is holding public evidence hearings on only 36 days a year on average, despite costs of £21m a year.

The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA) was set up in 2015 and hearings are due to continue until March 2019. New figures show that only 145 sessions will have been held over that four-year period.

In 2016-17, the total cost of the inquiry was almost £21m, out of a budget of £30m.

Among the many cases being investigated, one involves the late Lord Janner, which has attracted controversy because the IICSA is supposed to be looking at cases of institutional failings, not the alleged guilt or innocence of individuals.

When Alexis Jay took over…
To his many admirers, he is the artist who created some of the most beautiful semi-abstract sculptures in the world, including those of serene-looking women and parents with their children.

But Henry Moore's first artistic commission was a more tragic subject: it is a roll of honour, carved from oak and dedicated to the 91 pupils from his school in Castleford, West Yorkshire, who served in the First World War.

It will go on public display at the Henry Moore Institute in Leeds at the end of the month, as Britain tomorrow begins the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Cambrai, in which Moore fought.

Moore aged 19: he was badly gassed in the war HENRY MOORE FOUNDATION

Moore, widely regarded as Britain's most influential sculptor, joined the army, serving in northeast France in 1917,…
Only 225 of the UK's 8,653 petrol forecourts have charging points ALAMY

Motorists using battery-powered cars for long journeys had better be patient.

They were warned this weekend to expect queues for charging points and to be prepared for "forecourt rage" as motorway service areas and petrol stations struggle with the electric vehicle revolution.

MPs are debating a law allowing the government to force big fuel retailers and the operators of motorway services to install more electric charging points.

The step could cost motorway services £82.6m and fuel retailers £570m, according to a government impact assessment.

But with even "rapid chargers" taking between 20 and 30 minutes to provide about 80% of a vehicle's charge, there are concerns that motorway services and petrol stations will not have the space or money to build the infrastructure.

"I think…
Azzedine Alaia with Elle Macpherson. The designer was a mentor to Naomi Campbell, right, who called him 'Papa' GILLES BENSIMON/PATRICK DEMARCHELIER

The fairy godfather of fashion, cult designer Azzedine Alaia, has died in Paris at the age of 77.

Dubbed the "king of cling", the Tunisian-born couturier rose to fame in the early 1980s with his signature "fit-and-flare" dresses, which moulded to the body and have been worn by the likes of Michelle Obama, Madonna and Tina Turner.

The diminutive designer was a mentor to the supermodel Naomi Campbell, who called him "Papa". "I met him and that was it," she said last year. "He called my mother and told her I had to live with him. He said I shouldn't be in Paris aged 16 by myself."

Victoria Beckham, the designer, said it was "a sad day", adding: "You were a true master and one…
Victims of stalking warn they are being failed by police as figures reveal the number of convictions fell last year amid complaints that forces do not take the crime seriously.

Just 173 people in England and Wales were convicted of stalking last year, down from 194 in 2015, according to the Ministry of Justice.

Official figures show more than 1m people are stalked each year, but less than 1% of cases end in conviction.

Melissa Thompson, 48, from Doncaster, was stalked by an ex-boyfriend who made abusive phone calls, put sugar in her car engine, causing it to explode, and sent up to 30 texts a day. He was eventually served with a police information notice warning him further contact would be seen as an…
A therapist who helps teenage girls to question whether they are transgender says she has to keep her work secret because she fears she could be struck off.

The therapist said that official guidelines issued in October made it risky to help patients explore alternative explanations — such as autism and anxiety — rather than simply "affirm" that they must be transgender and assist their transition.

The therapist, who is based in Scotland, said: "You have a young girl who has turned up and said she is trans and at the end of working with you [she] decides maybe she is not.

"I could now get a reputation as someone who was not sticking to the professional body's ethical framework and that is not a…
Relatives and neighbours are advised to take time to check on vulnerable elderly people ALAMY

Britain has "drifted away from its humanity" and expects the state to look after the elderly when many winter hospital admissions could be prevented by simple acts of kindness, according to the president of the Royal College of Physicians.

Professor Jane Dacre said vulnerable elderly people can be prevented from needing to go to hospital if relatives and neighbours take the time to check that they can get themselves a cup of tea and a hot meal and keep warm. Many are admitted because they are dehydrated, undernourished or cold.

"We have drifted away from caring for each other. We have drifted away from that humanity," Dacre said.

"There is a societal change with the assumption that the state should pick everything up. We have…
Rukhsana Noor, who discovered her marriage was not legally valid, wants to see a change in the law WWW.OHCOMMUNICATIONS.CO.UK

About 6 in 10 Muslim women who have had traditional Islamic weddings in Britain are not legally married, according to a survey.

They have had a nikah marriage but 61% failed to go through a separate civil ceremony, recognised by the family courts.

If their marriage breaks down and they cannot agree on a division of assets, it means they must fight through the civil courts rather than start with a presumption that they will get an equal share.

The survey, of 923 women in the UK, was based on responses to community researchers rather than random sampling. The findings will be broadcast on Tuesday on Channel 4 in The Truth About Muslim Marriage.

Rukhsana Noor, a divorcée who appears in the report, told The…
Thousands of hawfinches — similar to chaffinches but with larger bills — are thought have come to southern Britain GETTY

With about 800 breeding pairs in the country, the hawfinch, Britain's largest finch, is rarely spotted by birdwatchers.

However, there has been an "invasion" of the birds in recent weeks, with an unprecedented number arriving from eastern Europe, according to reports from birdwatchers across southern England. The RSPB said it was a "once-in-a-lifetime encounter".

The British Trust for Ornithology (BTO), which collates details of such sightings, said in a blog that the number of hawfinches being spotted was 12 times greater than normal.

"The incredible numbers of hawfinches across southern England have dominated the migration picture, with thousands of birds thought to be involved, and there does not appear to be any let-up."

With their russet and gold coloration, hawfinches look similar to chaffinches but…
Careful now: a walker on the Pennine Way balances on a rock to admire the view after the first widespread snowfall of the season in Cumbria PAUL KINGSTON
The thing about which I have been most right in my career is the thing for which I have received the least credit. Beginning in June 2006, I wrote a series of articles and gave numerous speeches that predicted, with considerable precision, the global financial crisis.

I began in June 2006 by observing that interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve would sooner or later have an effect on heavily indebted American households. "Over the next two years," I noted, "the monthly payments on about $600bn of mortgages taken out by borrowers in the so-called subprime market . . . will increase by as much as 50%."

In November 2006 I was all but pelted with bread rolls at a Morgan Stanley conference for arguing…
One of the pleasures of being on BBC1's Question Time is the opportunity to out-bigot the rest of the panel. When Ukip was around this was sometimes a bit of a tall order — but, to my credit, I always gave it a go. It's the thrill of hearing the bien-pensant audience gasp in horror, or start crying, that does it for me.

Invited on again last week I looked down the list of my fellow panellists and thought to myself: "Ah. This should be a doddle!" The Lib Dem Tim Farron, the shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry, the very leftie crime writer Val McDermid and a charmingly liberal Conservative, Nadhim Zahawi.

Good Lord, if I can't display a more obnoxious prejudice than that bunch…
If there were a competition for the most studiously offensive member of parliament, Emma Dent Coad would have a good claim for the title. This column has already mentioned the Labour MP for Kensington twice in dispatches: first when she declared the distinguished judge appointed to carry out the Grenfell fire inquiry, Sir Martin Moore-Bick, to be less than fully human; and later when she damned the Duchess of Cambridge as "outrageous" for buying a pullover that (allegedly) cost the equivalent of a family's weekly food bill.

My conclusion then was that Dent Coad epitomised the socialist of impeccably middle-class background motivated more by hatred of the well-off than by love for the poor. I may have misjudged her: remarks emerged last week demonstrating that…
With all the fire and fury over the pro-European "mutineers", "saboteurs" and "collaborators" in parliament, you would expect every remainer to be up in arms at the savage ploys of the Brexit mob. Not me. I'm Madame Zen. It's true, I voted "remain" but the goings-on in parliament have left me oddly unmoved. I know I ought to be cheering on the Pasionarias of our time, Anna Soubry and Nicky Morgan, but I can't share their profound sense of indignation and outrage.

Principally, I don't believe disaster lies ahead. Some difficult headwinds, certainly, but I've just returned from Frankfurt feeling pretty chipper that the city is not about to take over from London as Europe's financial capital after Brexit. I was there as a parent,…
He tells us he loves the job. Honestly? Who would be Philip Hammond? Three days to go until his big budget and he has no friends, especially where they should be — in the Conservative Party. The "Get Hammond" mood is more than the usual jostling of departmental chiefs for a bigger slice of whatever budget cake there may be. Nor is it about the best options for the UK economy or the chancellor's competence. These are incidental to the two animating pulses galvanising the Conservatives, one topical, the other perennial. The Brexit civil war may be over one day. Personal ambition will endure for ever.

Brexiteers want the chancellor out whatever he unveils on Wednesday. Their high priest, the former chancellor Nigel Lawson, accuses…
Chancellors of the exchequer used to operate on the basis of a rule of thumb that the better a budget looked on the day, the worse it would seem in six months' time. As with so much in the modern world, time moves faster these days. Philip Hammond's March budget survived intact for just a week before he had to abandon one of its key elements. In calmer political waters, George Osborne had similar experiences of rapidly disintegrating budgets.

Mr Hammond needs a budget this week that avoids banana skins and U-turns. More importantly, he needs one that makes a difference, politically and economically, for his sake and that of the government. In his interview with this newspaper today, the chancellor promises to offer a…
Robert Mugabe once said that only God could remove him from the office of president of Zimbabwe. In the past few days he has discovered that the generals, and the people, have other ideas. Yesterday, thousands took to the streets of Harare and other cities in Zimbabwe, with the endorsement of the army and the ruling Zanu-PF Party, to call for and to celebrate the end of the Mugabe era.

It has been a long time coming. The 93-year-old former so-called freedom fighter has been running the country since 1980. His support fell away with the sacking of his close ally, vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa, and the promotion as his successor of his wife, Grace Mugabe, previously known mainly for her lavish shopping habits. Even for…
Three cheers for the Scottish Labour Party's newly elected leader, Richard Leonard. It's heartening to see that the people's party has no truck with political correctness and now has a gloriously all-male leadership team under its bearded chieftain, Jeremy Corbyn.

What a relief that Leonard, a married heterosexual with two children, was privately educated at a 500-year-old school near York. Best of all, he's English, because deep down the Scots don't really want to run their own affairs, do they?

All in all, he's a splendid choice to carry the Corbynista banner against the dangerously subversive duo of Ruth Davidson, the Scottish Tory leader, and Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader and first minister.

As for Scottish Labour's former leader, Kezia Dugdale, as a woman she's…
Some of the things one sees in Soho can never be unseen. Early one evening last week, Atticus spotted a rather bedraggled gentleman lying prone in the gutter surrounded by a phalanx of police officers.

Standing with them was none other than Lord Polak, the man who arranged Priti Patel's secret meetings in Israel that cost her the international development job.

Polak, who has united all sides in politics against him with the simple tactic of being hugely unpopular, was resplendent in a stab-proof vest. As one political observer noted: "He might want to keep that on when he is next taking his seat in the Lords."

Praise be, Damian, you made it to No 1

Good news at last for the somewhat beleaguered first…
Forty Conservative MPs have agreed to sign a letter of no confidence in Theresa May PIXEL8000

The country does not like parties that are divided, and the Conservative MPs who are said to want rid of Theresa May would do well to remember this ("Tory turmoil as 40 MPs say May must go", News, last week). There is even talk of them welcoming in a Labour government so as to "regroup". If they believe we could risk five years of a Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell partnership then they should do another job.

I was a Tory councillor in the 1980s. Often, defending what Margaret Thatcher did was almost impossible but I stayed loyal, if many times against my better judgment. Let the 40 or so be under no illusion: remove the prime minister and they will bring the government down.…
Zimbabweans take to the streets of Harare yesterday to demand Robert Mugabe step down. It is assumed that the army's plan is for Mugabe's former deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was sacked earlier this month, to be brought back to take over the country, yet Mugabe is refusing to quit the presidency GRAEME WILLIAMS

When Samson Tekera woke to the shock news on the radio on Wednesday morning that President Robert Mugabe had been arrested along with his wife, Grace, the usually mild man whooped for joy.

"I jumped in the air and shouted like this," he said, holding his fists up to the sky in victory with a grin breaking across his face. "These Mugabes have destroyed our country and made us homeless and hungry."

Apart from a small clique that has grown enormously wealthy, most of Zimbabwe's 16m people have personally suffered the evils of Mugabe's 37-year rule — whether they have been killed or beaten by his thugs, had farms and companies seized and homes destroyed, watched their hospitals and schools collapse and life expectancy plummet, and…
Robert Gabriel Mugabe was rubbing Vaseline into his legs, sitting on a chair in a tin-roofed shack and staring out of a window. He seemed transfixed by the sight of a small tree in the back yard. It was December 1974 in what was then Salisbury, Rhodesia. He was a newly released political prisoner who had spent 11 years in detention. I was the newly appointed newspaper correspondent who had spent exactly three days in the country.

We did not get on very well at first. I asked the usual inane questions ("Did they torture you? How does it feel to be free?") to which he replied in monosyllables.

I had put my notebook away and was edging towards the door when Mugabe got up…
For one retired British Army colonel watching in Kent, the news of the military takeover in Zimbabwe by the country's defence chief was highly personal — and might never have happened if not for him.

"I taught him too well," laughed Lieutenant-Colonel Zach Freeth, 76, looking at the pictures of General Constantine Chiwenga.

Chiwenga, who is now head of the Zimbabwean armed forces, was a leading figure in last week's military takeover and the arrest of President Robert Mugabe.

Not only is the defence chief his former pupil but Freeth, who lives in Sittingbourne, also knows a secret that, had he revealed it, would have seen Chiwenga thrown out of the Zimbabwean army.

Freeth was part of the British Military Advisory and Training Team (BMATT)…
Isis fighters three years ago. The Syrian Counter-Extremism Centre has enrolled 100 former members of the jihadist group, some of whom are surprised to learn they should not cut off hands for theft ALAMY

The students slouched into the classroom and settled down at their desks. At the front sat the teacher's pets. At the back were the rebels. Outside stood armed guards ready to intervene.

On the timetable one day last week were religious studies, leadership skills and morals — with a particular emphasis on why it is not right to behead people.

This is jihadist rehab — a centre run by volunteers in rebel-held northern Syria to deradicalise some of the hundreds of Isis fighters who have been caught escaping from the self-proclaimed caliphate as it collapsed.

Since it opened last month the Syrian Counter-Extremism Centre has enrolled 100 former Isis members in the faint hope that they will learn right from wrong and become functioning members…
Leeann Tweeden, right, says the behaviour of Al Franken, seen reaching towards her, left, on a flight from Afghanistan, disgusts her Startraks Photo/REX/Shutterstock

Before the wave of sexual misconduct allegations sweeping America hit Washington, few outside Ohio had heard of 70-year-old Justice Bill O'Neill. Now his claim to have made love with "50 very attractive females" has become a Facebook sensation.

O'Neill, who sits on the Ohio state supreme court, went public on Friday "on behalf of all heterosexual males" and in defence of his fellow Democrat, Senator Al Franken.

Franken was fighting for his political life after a TV presenter had accused him of forcibly kissing and groping her during a trip to support American troops in Afghanistan in 2006, three years before he became a senator.

For the judge — who was elected to the bench and hopes to become Ohio's governor — the witch-hunt of politicians had…
Ivanka Trump with husband Jared Kushner, who is trying to broker a Middle East peace deal EVAN VUCCI/AP PHOTO

A glamorous Egyptian-American is emerging as a key player in Donald Trump's Middle East diplomatic initiative, which was initially derided but is now increasingly being taken seriously in Washington.

Trump has entrusted Jared Kushner, his son-in-law, with brokering a deal between Israel and the Palestinians.

But Dina Powell, who speaks fluent Arabic and made a fortune at Goldman Sachs before unexpectedly joining the Trump administration, is described by one diplomat as the mission's "secret weapon", with an influence that far exceeds her title of deputy national security adviser.

Powell: accompanied Kushner to Riyadh ALAMY

Powell was recruited to the White House by Kushner's wife, Ivanka, the president's daughter. Although only 44, she is one of the most experienced White House officials, having served in a number of senior positions during the…
Eliana Krawczyk, Argentina's first female submarine officer and the only woman on board

Old antagonisms were cast aside yesterday as the British military joined the hunt for an Argentine navy submarine that went missing with 44 crew members four days ago in the southern Atlantic.

The Royal Navy deployed an ice patrol ship to help search for the vessel which has not been heard from since Wednesday when it was 267 miles off the southern Patagonian coast.

Dozens of relatives gathered yesterday in Mar del Plata, where the submarine is based, to await news of their loved ones.

"We're very worried, we have little news, we're waiting for communication," said Eduardo Krawczyk, father of Eliana Krawczyk, Argentina's first female submarine officer and the only woman on board the German-built submarine.

He had last spoken to his daughter 15…
The Lebanese prime minister, Saad Hariri, said yesterday he would return to Beirut within a few days to talk to President Michel Aoun. He said he would attend Lebanese Independence Day celebrations on Wednesday and clarify his position on the crisis in the region, following his sudden resignation two weeks ago while in Saudi Arabia.

Trump U-turn on elephant trophies

President Donald Trump suspended imports of trophies from elephant hunting yesterday. It came just a day after he relaxed a ban on them, angering animal rights activists. Brigitte Bardot had said his "shameful actions" showed he was "unfit for office". Trump said the move was on hold until he could "review all conservation facts".

Defector riddled with parasites

A North Korean soldier shot while fleeing…
Talk about a sting in the tail. This was more of an explosion. The match had been ­teetering in the balance all afternoon, on a grey and wet Twickenham, and in the final quarter a superb Australian attack had apparently given them the opportunity to kick an easy conversion to draw level. But it was a day of hair-raising decisions, and almost interminable replays by the television match official. On this occasion, the officials and about 80,000 England supporters looked to see if ­Australia's Marika Koroibete had grounded the ball under a desperate tackle by Chris Robshaw.

Instead, we found that Stephen Moore, the Australian hooker, had illegally ushered Koroibete over the line in an offside position — Moore should have stood aside to let his…
Credit to both sides for the pace and ambition they showed. In conditions such as yesterday's at Twickenham, it is all too easy to retreat to the comfort of a tactical kicking-based game. Instead, there was intent from England and Australia to play with the ball in hand — and not just inside one another's 22m line.

For Australia, this way of playing is in their DNA. For England, the step up was almost certainly a reaction to the criticism of last Saturday's sluggish performance against Argentina.

Eddie Jones and his team will know that the scoreline was a bigger gesture of flattery than the time someone asked me if I needed a comb. They will know they got the rub of the green with…
A kick in the teeth for Australia. A kick up the rear for England. After last weekend's lacklustre performance against Argentina, England came up with arguably their best result of the year. Against a Wallaby team who until yesterday had rediscovered their winning ways.

This was a late runaway victory that means England will finish 2017 with nine wins from 10 internationals — unless Samoa produce the shock of all shocks at Twickenham on Saturday.

You cannot argue with the record. England rolled up their sleeves and found a way to win a game Australia were in for the best part of 70 minutes. A romp on the scoreboard, the finest of margins on the field. Whereas England stayed switched on, twice the Wallabies went…
All the courage, all the ambition and all the resilience in the world were not quite enough to lift Scotland into a new stratosphere last night as a pulsating contest ended with the hosts still searching for a first win over New Zealand. That stark fact doesn't tell the half of it, because this was one of the most vivid efforts Scotland have ever produced. The All Blacks not only knew they were in a game; for long spells there was a real chance they could lose it.

Scotland, whose pack was decimated by injury before and during the match, summoned a display of extraordinary endurance, both technical and mental, and when Huw Jones took Tommy Seymour's pass and crashed over with just over two…
Out of luck: Michael Cheika was visibly upset with the officiating LAURENCE GRIFFITHS

Eddie Jones celebrated taking his series record to 5-0 against Australia and insisted England had not been lucky in winning an "arm wrestle" 30-6 at Twickenham.

Jones complimented himself for avoiding the ranting and raving that had grabbed the headlines after the win over Argentina but was insistent that controversial refereeing decisions had not made it easier for this team.

Jones said: "Why do we have a referee? Why do we have TMOs? I don't understand the question. How were we lucky?

"They do 10 replays of a video and make a decision. This was the best referee in the world for today. We had the best guys in the TMO and we're saying we're lucky because the decisions went our way. Sorry, sorry, sorry,…
As a collective effort, from players, coaches and crowd, that's the best I've ever seen from Scotland. I'm not talking about it being the best or more polished performance - although it was exceptional, and a vast improvement on Samoa.

I'm looking at the overall context. The fact Scotland were up against the best team on the planet, the back-to-back world champions who picked their strongest available side. The fact that Scotland themselves had been hammered by injuries, especially up front, and lost another three influential forwards in the course of the game.

The fact that nobody outside the home dressing room, least of all me, gave them any chance of winning and they very nearly did it. The result means there is an element…
In New Zealand, they call him Shag. It suits him, an everyday nickname for an everyday bloke. The only thing that makes Steve Hansen different is his record as the All Blacks head coach. Six years in the job has brought the World Cup, five Rugby Championships, six Bledisloe Cups and four times world coach of the year. There may never be another with his record.

He comes to the little gatherings after Test matches like rugby's avuncular uncle. Yeah, he's seen a lot and there's the accumulation of wisdom which he'll offer and you can take it or leave it. In the end, his record will define him, right now it stands at 80 Test matches, 71 wins, three draws, six losses. He didn't…
Man in the middle: Aled Davies is tackled by Georgia's Levan Chilachava and Giorgi Begadze CHRIS FAIRWEATHER/HUW EVANS AGENCY

With Warren Gatland having made 14 changes and his team wearing a black kit, there was certainly an unfamiliar feel to the Wales side for the clash with Georgia.

At the start of this season you would have got long odds on Sam Cross starting a November Test on the flank and rookie lock Seb Davies beginning at No 8, but that's exactly what happened at the Principality stadium as Gatland went for broke in his search for new talent in advance of the 2019 World Cup.

A first meeting with Georgia was always going to be a tricky test, with Milton Haig's side determined to show their worth as they continue to aim for entry into the Six Nations.

That proved to be the…
The arrival of the Mexican wave as early as the second quarter told you all you needed to know about the expectations of a capacity crowd at the Aviva: give us tries, give us Fijian flair, give us entertainment and most of all, give us another Irish win.

Fiji, who have already enjoyed victories over Scotland and Italy in 2017, were in no mood to oblige. Yes, there were flashes of sublime skill, most notably from Joey Carbery and Nemani Nadolo, and there were tries — three for Ireland, two for the tourists. But Fiji weren't here for a jolly.

They played like a team out to make a statement, perhaps one of disgruntlement that Joe Schmidt would take this as an opportunity to make…
On the table quiz circuit years ago there was a question that used to pop up as a googly: name the only player who was capped by Ireland at rugby and had won an All-Ireland hurling medal? The answer is Ned Byrne from Kilkenny, back in the early 1970s when there was far less ecumenism in Irish sport. The GAA was still inherently hostile to "foreign games"; rugby was self-contained and self-satisfied. Eamon De Valera famously said that hurling and rugby were the games best suited to the Irish temperament but that would have been a niche opinion and Dev wasn't spared in the court of GAA opinion for holding such a heretical view.

Young people all over place are exposed to all sports now…
France may have beaten South Africa in a controversial, financially-motivated vote for the right to host the 2023 Rugby World Cup, but the wounded Springboks gained a small measure of revenge by defeating Les Bleus on the pitch in Paris last night.

After being humiliated by Ireland in Dublin last Saturday, this was just the tonic that these beleaguered South Africans needed to end a bad week. With both sides lacking form and confidence, neither of them look like troubling the World Cup engravers any time soon, however.

It was helter-skelter rugby, with two heavyweight packs competing ferociously at the breakdown and set piece, and both teams looking to attack, and offload, at every opportunity. Mathieu Bastareaud is a battering ram of a centre at…
For Arsenal this is supposedly "Black November" but the skies were white-grey, the floodlights bright and this was a luminous lunchtime for Arsène Wenger. The old monsieur can still do it. At the seventh attempt, this was a first league victory over Mauricio Pochettino in North London derbies. So can Mesut Ozil, so can Alexis Sanchez: it is their contracts that are expiring, not their talent. Sanchez provided Arsenal's second goal and their oomph, Ozil their subtlety and the assist for Shkodran Mustafi's headed opener. Pochettino believed Mike Dean was also a factor in both strikes but conceded Tottenham could not blame the referee for losing. With Harry Kane and, especially, Dele Alli ineffective on comebacks from injuries, it was Wenger who had the match…
The little jig performed by a jubilant Paul Pogba as he celebrated Romelu Lukaku's fourth goal for United at the mouth of the Old Trafford tunnel spoke volumes about the air of expectation and optimism that the return of the club's record signing brought with it last night.

Lukaku had just completed the rout on 70 minutes, playing a one-two with Juan Mata and benefited from Ciaran Clark's slip, before taking his time and finishing into the roof of the net from six yards.

By then, Pogba had been substituted by Jose Mourinho, 70 influential minutes under his belt, and was on his way to the dressing room, and, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic also afforded a late run-out as substitute, even Mourinho's recently gloomy mood may…
Key to creativity: Paul Pogba dazzled on his return in which he scored one goal and created another MAGI HAROUN

A couple of differences between a Manchester United team without a footballer recruited to transform their midfield and a Manchester United with Paul Pogba restored to the starting line-up? More creation. More inspiration.

United have played five domestic fixtures this season with the France midfielder positioned at the heart of their line-up, running up four goals in three matches, two in each of the others. Back from an unnecessary tendon tear that cost almost three months of football, Pogba converted an ominous looking 1-0 deficit into another ultimately comfortable victory.

The decisive moment was a combination of invention and imagination. United had been behind for 24 minutes, struggling to both contain and break through what Jose Mourinho recognised as Rafa Benitez's "very experienced, very intelligent"…
Just the two goals for the Premier League's stylish leaders, and if Manchester City were well worth their latest win, they would acknowledge that they benefited from a couple of crossroads moments on the way to breezing past the 2016 champions. Leicester might have surprised City very early on, through Jamie Vardy, and were within a post of an equaliser before they fell too far behind.

So City march on, with just two points dropped all season, and with Kevin De Bruyne once again looking like the Premier League's most stellar individual. He hit a wonderful goal to double the lead Gabriel Jesus had given City at the end of a sometimes testing first half.

Eleven months ago, City were painfully ambushed at Leicester, two…
Jurgen Klopp spent much of the international break in South Africa and some of it in an NHS hospital, but if the Liverpool manager needed a pick-up, then surely supine Southampton's visit would have provided balm to the constitution. Effervescent when it mattered and serene when frustration threatened to take hold, Liverpool won 3-0, but it could have been many more and such was the paucity of the visitors' attacking play that whether Klopp has extinguished his team's defensive frailties is a question for another day.

"This was an all-round good performance," smiled a suitably restored Klopp. "This was a good moment for us. We're building on the experiences we've had this season. We didn't get nervous when we didn't score early on, we just…
Callum Wilson was on the verge of an England call-up when he was hit by the first of his two cruciate knee injuries back in September 2015, and a hat-trick here should be enough for the striker's international credentials to be re-examined. This wasn't as straightforward as the scoreline suggests for Wilson and Bournemouth. There was controversy surrounding the two goals he scored in the first half and Bournemouth then went a man down when Simon Francis was sent off just before half-time for the second of two bookable offences. However, clichéd as it might sound, with 10 men, Bournemouth then played better in the second half and Harry Arter scored a third before Wilson claimed the match ball shortly before the end with a…
My son Wilfred's middle name is Sydney and I can tell you exactly where and when it came to me: early evening, January 7, 2011, on the pitch at the Sydney Cricket Ground. We had just thrashed Australia to become the first England side to win the Ashes down under since 1986-7. There we were — me, some of my best mates and Kevin — congregated inside one of the game's finest arenas, sipping beer and sharing our memories of the tour. Sport does not get any better.

I believe this current team can recreate those memories over the next six weeks. The first task is not to lose in Brisbane. It sounds obvious but you need to appreciate Australia's phenomenal record there — unbeaten in…
England ended their encouraging set of Ashes warm-ups with a mighty taxing day in the dirt at the hands of Jason Sangha and Matt Short, who each made maiden first-class centuries in a stand of 263 for the Cricket Australia XI to prevent an England victory that seemed certain at the start of the day. Eventually, not long after tea, England managed to prise out Sangha, but that was their only wicket of a chastening day.

As they fly to Brisbane they saved their worst until last, but Trevor Bayliss did not seem too concerned, firmly seeking to take the positives. "Over the three games we have got as much about as much as we possibly could," he said. "Today wasn't the perfect game of…
Try picking a composite XI out of the teams set to do Ashes battle at The Gabba on Thursday and you appreciate where the balance of power might lie — not so much between the sides but between the batting and bowling.

Choose a top six — Alastair Cook, David Warner, Usman Khawaja, Steve Smith, Joe Root and Jonny Bairstow — and it has a weighty look. There are few regrets about those who miss out. Do the same with the bowling and it is trickier. Mitchell Starc, Jimmy Anderson and Josh Hazlewood must all play but that means only one of Stuart Broad and Pat Cummins. And which off-spinner should be picked? Nathan Lyon has the superior record but Moeen Ali's batting is hard to ignore.…
Ian Bell has played more Ashes series than any other Englishman over the past dozen years and knows that the last one in Australia was unlike any other. As the second of back-to-back encounters, with only five weeks between one tour ending and the other beginning, it made special demands of plenty of those involved but, as it happened, especially of England.

"It was difficult," Bell recalled. "You'd just won the Ashes and given everything. At the end of an Ashes series, you know the reason why there's a couple of years' break — it takes a lot out of you. To jump on that plane again . . . If we're brutally honest, we had a few guys on that tour that weren't at the top of their…
Ever since Grigor Dimitrov first emerged on the tennis radar as a junior of supreme talent, he has been viewed as a player sculpted and styled in the image of Roger Federer. Today he can triumph where the great Swiss yesterday failed and beat David Goffin, inset, to win the ATP Finals title and almost £2m.

Dimitrov, by virtue of his 4-6 6-0 6-3 semi-final win over Jack Sock is guaranteed to become the world's third ranked player this evening. Yet he has an intriguing task facing Goffin, the slender Belgian who had pictures of Roger Federer adorning his bedroom wall as an adolescent.

Just four days ago the two finalists met in a round robin group match and Dimitrov registered the kind of emphatic…
On Saturday, Manu Samoa arrive at Twickenham. They are widely regarded as the global mother lode of rugby talent. The game has a significance, but in terms of preparations, facilities and salaries, comparisons are brutal and, for rugby, embarrassing.

Two weeks ago, the Samoan Rugby Union announced that they were bankrupt (they aren't, but that is another tale) in what is the latest episode in a story of deprivation, mismanagement and maybe worse. They get significant help from the technical departments at World Rugby, but why would that body send them money?

And what of the rest of the rugby world? The public are wonderfully supportive of Pacific Islands rugby, the unions appear cruelly oblivious to their plight. For Saturday's match Dan Leo, formerly the…
Back in May, Ireland's RWC2023 bid team received an email from World Rugby which had alarm bells ringing in Lansdowne Road. The missive, which had also been sent to the French and South African teams, ordered bidders against entering into any voting agreements with council members. There's a process, gents. The Irish team was puzzled. Voting agreements? What agreements?

It's reckoned that France had 10 of the 12 available 'regional' votes sewn up long before WR's recommendation document went to the printers. Bernard Laporte knows this game. To beat Serge Blanco to the presidency of his own federation, he didn't just lobby big hitters, he visited every tiny club in every French hamlet to sell his vision. He applied the same strategy here.

Moment of truth: Bill Beaumont, World Rugby's chairman, reveals the 2023 bid winners DAVE ROGERS

Whereas the…
If there is one thing you don't want in a three-horse race it is the bronze medal. That was what Ireland got when it came to rugby's 2023 World Cup. Six years of meetings, lobbying, pressing the flesh, legislative change in the Republic, even Brian O'Driscoll carrying the flag, brought nothing but abject failure. France first, South Africa second, poor old Ireland nowhere. As an Irishman I shed no tears. Been in too many places where they imagined hosting the party would be the be-all and end-all. It never is. Costs a lot of money, generally delivers less than expected and as for "the legacy", don't get me started. Let me put the insouciance in more precise terms. If you had offered me a choice…
So what's the problem? Last Tuesday, France was unveiled as the host nation for the 2023 World Cup. The previous record for tournament profits was £160m, made at England 2015. The French tournament, with all sections of its income guaranteed either by government or global companies, will make a profit of £360m for the global game

Lucky old global game. So it's TGV to the Riviera, anyone? All that glamour and those gleaming stadiums, even if by then some of us may be consuming our steak frites through a straw.

So why has the sport emerged smelling of roses but with a very disturbing background stink of rotting administrator? It is because a rigorous, honest and independently-verified analysis of the bids of France, South Africa…
Does England rugby have a new superstar? Jessica Breach, the wing winning her first cap in the week of her 20th birthday, scored six blistering tries on Friday in the 79-5 demolition of Canada in the first game of the Old Mutual Wealth series at Allianz Park.

None of the tries was a simple run-in. She operated at high speed, but her quick feet in tight corners were remarkable, so too her awareness of space. The Canadians, one of the world's top five teams, hardly laid a hand on her.

Breach, who has been electrifying for Harlequins in the Tyrrells Premier 15s, becomes the first new cap of either sex to score six tries on debut for England. "It was a crazy, crazy evening," she…
Shots on target: Richarlison had a gun held to his head as a child; 'I started to run and never went back to that street' PETER TARRY

His friends pushed drugs but he just pushed a little ice cream cart. The deal he had struck with a local shopkeeper was that he'd keep half the profit on what he sold. So he'd arrive at the shop in the morning, load his wagon with ice creams, chocolates, confectionary, and hit the streets, returning when it was dark. He also cleaned cars in the streets for money. A good salesman? "No! No!" hooted Richarlison. "I sold just a little."

It makes the fact he became a footballer the more impressive. Growing up in Nova Veneza, near the coast in Brazil's southern Santa Catarina state, times were tough. His father, a bricklayer, and mother, a cleaner, had separated. He was the eldest of five children…
Peter Crouch is going to get his head examined. The Stoke striker watched Alan Shearer's excellent documentary on the link between heading a football lots of times and dementia occasioned by Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE), and it worried him a little. Not least when, in discussing the evidence with his Stoke teammates their response was a rather brusque: "Well, you're ****** then."

So Crouch will be having a scan very soon. It had not occurred to him to do so before because he thought that the brain damage caused through heading a ball had been confined to a previous generation of players — of which England and West Bromwich Albion striker Jeff Astle, who died in 2002 as a consequence of his neurological problems, is the…
The design of the jersey Spain will wear at the World Cup next summer has stirred up quite a fuss. It is not to do with the lurid colours that interrupt the traditional red in a zig-zag line from right armpit to hip, but the hint of purple in them. It looks a little too resonant, to politically sensitive eyes, of the country's old republican flag of the 1930s.

The footballers who posed in the garment last week seemed unbothered. Many just felt happy to be in the jersey, none less than the man who, not many months ago, was grateful to be asked to put on any red shirt, let alone that of one of the World Cup favourites. Alberto Moreno finished last season…
The contest to be Europe's No 1 player for the year has come down to a shootout today between Justin Rose and Tommy Fleetwood, a duel in the sun to win the Race to Dubai.

Somehow the tournament at hand, the DP World Tour Championship, seems a secondary matter, although Rose or Fleetwood could win that as well. Rose has the lead at 15 under par after three rounds. Fleetwood is just two strokes behind.

As the shadows lengthened in Dubai, Rose and Fleetwood repaired to the putting green. They shook hands in the friendliest manner, and it is fitting that two of the least pretentious and most personable fellows in top-level golf will battle today for the European Tour's top prize.

Rose, a decade…
Bryce Heem scored a hat-trick of tries as Worcester won their first Premiership game of the season.

In a dramatic finish and after a lengthy TMO review, Heem was awarded his third try but Northampton centre, Rob Horne, received his second yellow card after tip-tackling Jono Lance earlier in the movement.

Horne's dismissal summed up Northampton's day for after a bright opening they went rapidly downhill to produce a performance devoid of intensity or passion.

A Stephen Myler penalty had given them an early lead before the loss of a dazed Luther Burrell proved to be turning point of the game.

The centre's departure coincided with Warriors breaking into the opposition half for the first time for Lance to level the scores with a penalty.
Powering through: Ollie Thorley scores a try to assist in Gloucester's remarkable comeback in the final half hour STU FORSTER

Gloucester produced a remarkable comeback in the final half hour to beat Saracens at Kingsholm.

Tries from Ollie Thorley and Tom Hudson saw the Cherry and Whites score 20 second-half points to condemn Sarries to just a second defeat of the season.

Saracens dominated the first half but several errors saw them only come away with three Alex Lozowski penalties.

They finally scored through Schalk Brits but needed Ben Spencer's late penalty to secure a losing bonus point.

Brits' try, early in the second period, appeared to be cementing Saracens' position at the top of the table.

But Gloucester rallied to protect their unbeaten home record this season and continue to suggest they could challenge for the Premiership's top four.

The turnaround started with Billy…
Cardiff kept the pace with the Championship front-runners with a hard-earned home victory over Brentford.

Joe Ralls put the Bluebirds ahead after eight minutes before a glaring miss from Neal Maupay prevented Brentford levelling just after the half-hour mark.

Cardiff then went down the other end to make it 2-0 through Danny Ward as they claimed a win that keeps them two points behind Sheffield United, who occupy the second automatic promotion place.

The hosts, looking to get back on track following their loss at Bristol City, started well and almost took the lead at a rain-soaked Cardiff City Stadium when Brentford goalkeeper Daniel Bentley failed to catch a Junior Hoilett corner, but he recovered in time to block Sol Bamba's fierce half-volley.

However, the…
Match-winner: Albert Adomah scored twice for Villa as they came from behind to beat QPR KIERAN MCMANUS

Third time unlucky, you might say for Queens Park Rangers. In their previous two home games, they have beaten sides far above them in the table. Yesterday when they encountered an Aston Villa in sixth position while they lie 15th, they were beaten by the odd goal.

Nor was Villa's victory undeserved, though their winning goal was facilitated by shocking marking in the home defence, Albert Adomah finding himself criminally unmarked on the left when the ball came to him from Conor Hourihane. Adomah, swift, active and intelligent all afternoon, had abundant time to score the clincher.

QPR had taken the lead in the 18th minute. Luke Freeman took an inswinging corner from the right, the ball seemed to ricochet off Keinan Davis and Jamie…
Early lead: Che Adams scores the only goal of the game on the five minute mark DAVE HOWARTH

Championship strugglers Birmingham City climbed out of the relegation zone with a hard-fought victory over Nottingham Forest, ending a barren spell of four games without a goal.

Pleased with his side's disciplined display, Blues Manager Steve Cotterill said: "All week Sky Sports News is on and the lads will watch the Championship at home. I think the world's a better place when you've got a win on a Saturday.

"The clean sheet is something to build on, something to move forward with. We can go up to Middlesbrough [on Wednesday] and have a go at them."

Birmingham began the afternoon brightly, converting their first clear chance in just five minutes. Dutchman Maikel Kieftenbeld stole the ball in midfield, before driving forward and playing an incisive…
It is being called rugby league's South Seas bubble. The most seismic shift in the sport's global order came with Fiji's 4-2 upset of New Zealand in their World Cup quarter-final in Wellington yesterday.

Fiji will meet Australia, the defending champions, in Friday's first semi-final after eliminating the Kiwis, who have met the Kangaroos in the last three World Cup finals, from a tournament full of surprises.

On Saturday, Tonga, who squeezed past Lebanon 24-22 to reach the last four for the first time, will face the winners of the last quarter-final early today between England and Papua New Guinea in Melbourne.

Fiji followed where Tonga had led in beating New Zealand 28-22 in the final game of the group stage. "We slayed a giant,"…
Ruby Walsh faces surgery after breaking his right leg in fall from Let's Dance at Punchestown.

Walsh's mount was sent off the 4-9 favourite in the Frontline Security Grabel Mares' Hurdle but came to grief four flights from the finish. The jockey was also being assessed for a knock on the head.

"I've suffered a fracture of my right tibia. I'm going to Tallaght Hospital to see a specialist and I'll know a lot more tomorrow," Walsh told Racing UK. The 38-year-old was due to partner former Champion Hurdle winner Faugheen in the Morgiana Hurdle at Punchestown today but will now be replaced by Paul Townend.

There was a surprise result in the BetVictor Gold Cup Handicap Chase at Cheltenham when 25-1 chance Splash Of…
Tonga survived a major scare against Lebanon in a thrilling match in Christchurch to reach the last four of the Rugby League World Cup.

Lebanon trailed by just six points at the break and had a try after the restart ruled out by the video referee. The Cedars eventually scored through Abbas Miski, closing the gap to two points with 10 minutes remaining. But they could not find another score as a tired Tonga held on to reach the last four for the first time. They will next play either England or Papua New Guinea.

Tonga provided the highlight of the tournament so far when they defeated co-hosts New Zealand in a bruising encounter in Hamilton to finish top of Group B.

It was an…
The idea of last night for Carl Frampton, after a year doomed by the loss of his world title, the sundering of his relationship with the McGuigans, a succession of failed fights and the failure to tick one last bucket list dream of a fight at Windsor Park, was to close a difficult passage of his career back in the ring exerting a familiar kind of control. It started and finished that way. The part in between got way more complicated.

Victory was finally achieved after a gruelling fight that extracted everything Frampton could muster. Horacio Garcia was durable, preserved his record of never being stopped as a professional and forced extended passages of the fight his way. Having absorbed the best of Frampton in…
A British motorcyclist has been killed in a crash at the Macau Grand Prix in China. Daniel Hegarty, 31, from Nottingham, died from his injuries before arriving at hospital, according to the local public broadcaster TDM. The Macau Grand Prix Committee said the accident happened at Fishermen's Bend and shared its "deepest sympathies" with his family.

Hegarty, who raced for Top Gun Racing Honda, came off his bike at a sharp bend during the sixth lap and was flung into barriers, losing his helmet and sustaining fatal injuries.

The race was red-flagged and never restarted while the MotoGP rider was treated. The last time a rider died at the Macau race was in 2012, when Portugal's Luis Carreira crashed at the same bend. Hegarty was…
The oil and gas industry had been a cash cow for the Treasury ALAMY

The chancellor is poised to throw a tax lifeline to oil and gas producers this week in an attempt to unleash an estimated £40bn of new North Sea investment.

In his budget speech on Wednesday, Philip Hammond is expected to unveil a plan to revive the industry, which has been hammered by a halving in the price of crude. Since 2014, the number of people working in the oil and gas business has fallen from 464,000 to 302,000.

This weekend the chancellor said he was "looking at" a change in the tax rules that would allow producers selling fields to roll over credits to new owners. The reform would enable buyers to reclaim the costs of decommissioning wells when they run dry. The overhaul is…
A pay row is looming at the engineering giant Wood Group over a plan to boost the boss's salary by 25%.

Robin Watson, 50, who earned nearly £1.2m last year, could see his basic pay jump from £600,000 to £750,000. With the new salary forming the basis of his bonus calculations, his maximum possible package will jump to £3.5m.

The pay rise was outlined in a letter to shareholders. One top 10 investor told The Sunday Times it would reject the package.

Wood is expected to slash thousands of jobs as a result of its £2.2bn acquisition of Amec Foster Wheeler, completed last month.

It has already cut more than 2,000 jobs in Britain and 15,000 globally since the oil price crash in 2014, which…
Pensioners who used to work for Carillion could end up holding a stake in the construction giant as part of a deal to rescue it from the threat of collapse.

Carillion admitted on Friday that it is likely to breach lending terms on its mammoth debt pile.

The news sent its shares crashing 48%. Investors expect a debt-for-equity deal will render their holdings virtually worthless.

The company said that its debts could hit £925m by the end of the year — 10 times its market value of just £92m — and so it will need to find new cash.

Carillion's pension schemes, which manage the savings of about 28,000 current and former workers, had a £587m deficit in June.

However, sources said the schemes have…
An app that helps lonely mums make new friends has secured a cash injection from a starry cast of investors ranging from actor Ashton Kutcher's fund to the founders of the games developer behind Candy Crush Saga.

Michelle Kennedy, 34, founded London-based Peanut last year with Greg Orlowski, the 38-year-old former chief technology officer of Deliveroo.

Since Peanut went live in London and New York in February, more than 170,000 mothers have signed up. Kennedy declined to disclose how much she raised, but plans to use the cash to grow in America and Britain.

She previously helped set up Bumble and still holds a stake in the women-led matchmaking app, which is now in talks with match.com over a $1bn sale. Before that she was…
It could be Bratislava, Milan, Amsterdam, or even Athens. For the 900 scientists and administrators at the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in London, tomorrow is the day they learn where their jobs are going.

The agency, which determines the safety of new medicines before they are sold in the European single market, is uprooting from its head office in Canary Wharf, east London, as a result of Britain's impending departure from the EU.

A three-stage ballot of foreign ministers at tomorrow's European Council meeting in Brussels will determine which of the 19 cities attempting to lure the agency has succeeded.

German reports this weekend suggested Athens may emerge victorious, as part of a plan to resist accusations that Europe's core countries will use Brexit as…
Vienna: new home of the European Banking Authority? ALAMY

Frankfurt and Vienna are said to be the frontrunners to play host to Europe's top banking regulator.

The European Banking Authority, set up in London in 2011 as part of the response to the financial crisis, is being forced to move as a result of Britain's departure from the EU.

Eight cities are vying to attract the prestigious agency — and its 167 highly paid jobs.

Banking sources believe Vienna has the edge — and that moving the agency towards the Continent's eastern fringe would be a symbolic gesture to paper over Europe's cracks.

However, the Germans are confident that they will win tomorrow's three-stage vote at the European Council.

Dublin, Brussels, Luxembourg, Paris, Prague and Warsaw are the other cities being considered to host…
By the end of the decade Rolls-Royce will have more than 50% market share of engines for wide-body aircraft AFP/GETTY IMAGES

Rolls-Royce boss Warren East is ramping up his revival plan for the embattled engineer after putting a German components business on the auction block.

The company is seeking buyers for L'Orange, which makes diesel injection technology for huge trucks and generators. Investment bankers from Goldman Sachs are handling the sale, which could reap as much as £300m for the FTSE 100 giant.

It will be Rolls-Royce's biggest disposal under East, who is paring the company back to focus on its key air, land and sea engines divisions. His turnaround plan involves selling a string of smaller businesses to help fund investment as well as simplify the structure.

L'Orange, which is based in Germany, has about 1,000 staff. Its equipment is used by industrial giants including…
Bookmaker William Hill will come under pressure this week to reveal the financial impact of a looming crackdown on high-stakes betting machines.

Last month the government said it would cut the maximum stake that could be wagered on fixed-odds terminals to £50, £20 or £2. Punters can currently bet £100 — equal to £300 a minute. Capping bets is likely to slash hundreds of millions of pounds from profits at the nation's second- largest bookmaker.

Most industry analysts do not believe the ceiling will be lowered to £2. The Responsible Gambling Strategy Board said that would not be "proportionate" and speculated that it would be cut to £20.

William Hill, which operates 2,400 betting shops across the UK, will release a third-quarter trading update tomorrow —…
Chancellors preparing for a budget always find themselves beset by demands from all sides. Even by those standards, Philip Hammond is under siege. "Spreadsheet Phil" must contend with pressure to abandon a 1% cap on public sector pay rises, and to pump more cash into a creaking NHS and social care system.

At the same time, downgrades to official estimates of productivity growth are set to wipe out half his wiggle room to borrow more during this parliament.

To top it all off, Hammond is anxious to offer an olive branch to a business community that increasingly feels the government is not hearing its concerns over Brexit — or anything else. Ministers seem reluctant to endorse even the basic tenets of free market capitalism, given the…
Whenever self-employment has picked up most sharply, productivity has taken a big hit ALAMY

It is a conundrum that has taunted economists for years, but has yet to be met with a satisfactory answer: just why has Britain's productivity growth ground to a halt?

For decades — indeed, centuries — there was a clear trend: certainly there may have been a few setbacks along the way, but productivity, as measured by output per hour worked, edged gently upwards.

Between the spring of 1994 and the end of 2007 — just as the financial crisis was starting to hit — the productivity of the UK workforce rose by nearly 30%. That, history taught us, was the way things naturally progressed: humankind was constantly finding cleverer, cheaper ways of doing things, and so productivity climbed.

But during this decade it has…
Xi Jinping "likes me". "Historic trip." "Tremendous success." "Standing in the world has never been stronger." Four impressions of the president's 12-day tour of Asia as seen by, well, Donald Trump. Allow him these bits of ego reinforcement, for he did accomplish several of America's objectives.

First, the deployment of three aircraft carrier groups reminded North Korea of America's unparalleled deterrent power, and may even have been responsible for Xi's decision to send a delegation to Pyongyang — perhaps to urge Kim

Jong-un to be a bit more hesitant to threaten the US with destruction.

Second, Trump's decision to blame America's huge trade deficit on his predecessor's lack of negotiating skills — and to congratulate our trading partners for representing their countries so well — laid the…
House prices have been booming across Britain for years. Right? Not in Aberdeen. Europe's oil capital has seen the average price tumble by a staggering 30% or so since 2004, according to statistics from Aberdeen University.

The Granite City is a grey place at the best of times. Just as the Inuit have 50 words for snow, we Aberdonians can express multiple variations of dreich. Yet the sheen of the $100-a-barrel oil price that briefly saw Bentleys and Aston Martins sprout in the city's tree-lined West End has quietly disappeared.

There is a crisis in the North Sea. It is about much more than the crash in the price of crude. And it's a crisis that matters to all of us, for the UK's indigenous…
The traditional task of a chancellor at budget time is to pull rabbits out of a seemingly empty hat. Philip Hammond's task on Wednesday is more challenging than normal, as this time the hat really is empty. Yet for his survival and that of the government, he must conjure up some significant rabbits.

Budgets, it should be said, rarely change the economy much and, when they do, it is often for the worse. The City is expecting a dour budget, given the very limited room for manoeuvre. But unless a few bouncing bunnies appear at Wednesday lunchtime, the chancellor's first autumn budget could also be his last. I hope not.

One of those rabbits will involve housing, of which more in a moment. Theresa May…
Ian Taylor has a fortune of £180m, according to The Sunday Times Rich List DENIS BALIBOUSE/REUTERS

A vast chain of African petrol stations is to be floated on the London Stock Exchange in a deal valued at more than $3bn (£2.3bn).

Vivo Energy, jointly owned by the giant oil trader Vitol and buyout firm Helios Investment Partners, will attempt a market debut next year. Operating about 1,800 Shell-branded forecourts across 16 African countries, it has hired Citi, JP Morgan and Credit Suisse to handle the planned offer.

The deal would generate a substantial profit for London-based Vitol, which is run by Ian Taylor, a prominent Conservative Party donor.

Taylor, 61, has a fortune of £180m, according to The Sunday Times Rich List. He donated to Better Together before the Scottish independence referendum and gave £350,000 to the Remain campaign.

He is…
Joseph Stiglitz: 'The advantages of the single market are very significant' AFP/GETTY IMAGES

Britain has little hope of a favourable trade deal with Donald Trump's America, and should focus on its future relationship with the European Union, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz.

"I would prioritise making a free trade area with Europe," Stiglitz told The Sunday Times. "There's no way you can do anything reasonable with Trump."

The president's "America First" policies mean "you're not going to get a free trade deal with the US", he added.

A large, managed economy such as China is also unlikely to offer Britain favourable terms, according to the 74-year-old. "You're not in a particularly strong bargaining position," he said.

In his new book, Globalisation and its Discontents Revisited: Anti-Globalisation in the Era of Trump, Stiglitz argues that trade…
Dame Carolyn McCall is set to reveal another slide in profits at easyJet as she prepares to hand over the controls of the budget airline.

The carrier has been battered by tough competition and the Brexit-induced slump in sterling, which has increased costs. Foreign exchange movements are expected to wipe about £100m from its profits.

EasyJet reports profits for the six months to the end of September on Tuesday. They are expected to be down about 17% to £410m from £495m last year. That was itself a heavy drop on £686m in the first half of 2015.

However, easyJet's shares have climbed by 50% from their nadir 13 months ago, amid the airline's recovery and turmoil among its peers.

Passenger numbers have grown 10% in…
Silicon Valley's tech giants face a global crackdown on how they target children online, predicts Baroness (Beeban) Kidron, author of a child protection amendment to the upcoming data protection bill.

In a hard-hitting interview for The Sunday Times's Danny in the Valley podcast, Kidron, 56, said that Big Tech treated kids like "click-bait". She added: "It's becoming intolerable to a lot of people."

The film maker, who joined the House of Lords as a crossbencher in 2012, has proposed an amendment that calls for minimum requirements of "age-appropriate design" of websites and apps. This would encompass measures from enhanced privacy settings to limiting push notifications and making terms and conditions clear to young people. The amendment is supported by the NSPCC and the Children's Society,…
A troop of analysts filed out of a squat, redbrick factory on the outskirts of Birmingham on Wednesday afternoon. The visit to the 1950s car parts factory was a chance for GKN, the venerable industrial conglomerate, to win back admirers after a tough few months. It would showcase how the automotive-to-aerospace giant was making the shift from combustion engines to electric cars.

Little did the analysts realise that at the same time they were touring the factory floor, the FTSE 100 stalwart was finalising a boardroom shake-up that would send its shares into free fall.

The next morning — shortly after a couple of analysts had published reports on the automotive visit — GKN had some shocking news. It had sacked chief executive-designate Kevin Cummings and was…
Investing in AO World has not been for the faint-hearted. Even AO itself, which will deliver a washing machine, laptop or electric kettle to your door at the click of a mouse, declares on its website: "AO isn't a normal company."

It thinks of itself as a British answer to Amazon that is "redefining retailing through a devotion to happiness and amazing customer service".

It is, perhaps, possible to excuse the Bolton-based AO World for sounding more like a Californian cult than an online retailer of prosaic items such as toasters and tumble driers. But investors may find it rather less easy to forgive the company for its showing since its stock market debut in February 2014.

The shares were floated at 285p. Then led…
If you sit through a lot of board meetings, there are certain dread phrases that make your heart sink. Here I list some of the remarks that are a signal of trouble ahead.

"We tried that once before and it didn't work." Institutional memory can be a good thing. Too often, though, early experiments scar companies, so they lose the appetite to take risks and innovate. Times change, and what failed five years ago might succeed now. Timing is all: as technology and consumer behaviour shift, organisations need to examine their business models constantly, and never shut down ideas just because an earlier attempt was a flop.

"Let's hire some consultants." Often, bringing in outside experts is a device to cover up management shortcomings. Perhaps…
Legoland in Windsor is among the attractions owned by Merlin Entertainments ALAMY

You can't accuse Merlin Entertainments of lacking creativity. For the romantically inclined, there's the £250 Sea Life London Aquarium wedding proposal package, complete with a personalised sign and a "small bottle of champagne".

Or for families feeling festive, there's a trip to Legoland in Windsor, complete with a visit to Santa's grotto and a gift. That'll be £35 each, please (yes, it's the same price for your two-year-old or granny).

Since being floated on the stock market in 2013 by private equity houses Blackstone and CVC and Lego's founding family, Merlin has marched into the FTSE 100 thanks to its growing line-up of attractions and punchy prices.

Lately, though, the Alton Towers-to-Madame Tussauds owner's strategy has been tested. Its shares fell 16% in one day…
Nestled in 10 acres of rolling gardens on the Berkshire Downs, Rooksnest is home to Dame Theresa Sackler. Such is the beauty of the ornate gardens — created by award-winning designer Arabella Lennox-Boyd — that they are open to the public over the summer, with refreshments offered to guests.

The 68-year-old is a former convent school teacher. A keen gardener and mother of three, she is also one of Britain's leading philanthropists.

The Sackler dynasty stretches back three generations. Wildly wealthy, the family has poured millions of pounds into Britain's museums, universities and art galleries. Academic institutions across the country have a Sackler wing, library or institute. And the Queen's birthday honours lists have been peppered with the name. Theresa received hers in 2012 for…
Accrol, which makes toilet rolls for Lidl and other retailers, is poised to unveil plans to raise new funds in an effort to escape a cash crisis.

The company will this week ask for £18m from stock market investors. New shares are likely to be priced at 50p each; Accrol listed on AIM in June last year at 100p.

Its shares were suspended last month after it issued a shock profit warning and said it was in talks with lenders to find a "solution for the company's short-term funding requirements".

It is understood Accrol's banks are providing support to the Blackburn-based business by rejigging the terms of its debt.

Accrol will end the suspension of trading in its shares when it lays out the details…
Callum Holland, 6, wearing markers for the software to track movement at the Nuffield Orthopaedic Centre, Oxford DAVID HARTLEY

Technology used in Hollywood blockbusters is helping to treat children with cerebral palsy.

Software developed by Oxford Metrics to track movement, such as walking and running, makes special effects and animation more life-like in hits such as Iron Man and Blade Runner 2049.

Specialists in British hospitals are using the technology to improve the care of children with cerebral palsy, which affects muscle control and co-ordination. Analysing abnormalities in the way patients move helps with designing physiotherapy, for example.

"In the past, orthopaedic surgeons would have observed the child walking and used their experience to decide on an intervention," said Nick Bolton, chief executive of the AIM-listed company. "Now, instead of relying on their eye, they can use data that is more accurate."

The technology…
A serial pub entrepreneur whose daughters — and drinkers — have appeared on the reality show Made in Chelsea will raise at least £30m through a float of his business this week.

The City Pub Group, which has 34 venues across London and southeast England, will be valued at about £90m when it floats on AIM, bucking a recent trend for cancelled listings.

Its founder, Clive Watson, previously ran the Capital Pub Company, which was sold to Greene King for £93m six years ago.

Watson, 56, has made guest appearances on Made in Chelsea alongside his daughters Lucy and Tiffany. The Phene, a gastropub owned by Watson near the King's Road in Chelsea, is often used as a location for filming the show.

Watson, previously…
A daredevil businessman who broke 11 bones in a high-speed motorcycle crash last year is trying to buy back the sports nutrition business he founded from the pharmaceuticals giant Glaxo Smith Kline.

Zef Eisenberg, who created Maximuscle in 1995 to sell protein powder and other dietary supplements to bodybuilders, has opened talks with Glaxo Smith Kline to repurchase the brand. He sold it seven years ago for £162m.

The Jersey-based entrepreneur, 44, invests in property in central London, Gibraltar and the Channel Islands through his investment firm Maxicorp.

Glaxo Smith Kline put Maximuscle up for sale in the summer, and Eisenberg said he may bid on his own or with a private equity partner. "We've put our hat in the ring. I would very much…
Greg Mesch says fibre is 'as cheap as heck and very easy to maintain', which means serious profits should start piling up after 10 years TOM STOCKILL

Greg Mesch reaches across the table and hands me a piece of plastic-coated cable, not much thicker than a kettle flex. "That's 3,000 homes right there," beams the boss of broadband upstart City-Fibre, gesturing to the cable that contains 100 glass filaments — each one able to deliver lightning-fast internet to hundreds of families and small businesses.

The straight-talking American believes this technology could spur the regeneration of hitherto neglected parts of Britain. His investors have more straightforward aims. Neil Woodford, the high-profile stock-picker, and the hedge fund tycoon Crispin Odey are among those betting that CityFibre can profit handsomely at the expense of embattled BT.

Earlier this month, Mesch announced a deal that provides a chance to put his hypothesis to an extensive test.…
Obesity levels in the UK are the highest in western Europe ALAMY

An app developed to tackle rising obesity levels has received $12m (£9m) in a funding round led by Eight Roads, an investment arm of the fund manager Fidelity.

Oviva, which is based in London and Zurich, offers virtual clinics and weight-loss programmes for people with diet-related conditions such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. The technology works in a similar way to the Whatsapp messaging service, with reminders from trained dieticians who work with individual patients.

"If the patient knows there is an actual person looking after them, it means they are less likely to want to disappoint them by eating three desserts in a day," said Oviva's co-founder and chief executive, Kai Eberhardt.

The UK is the most obese country in western Europe, according…
Aerospace and car parts maker GKN has been urged to pick an outsider as its new chief executive.

Last week the FTSE 100 company sacked chief executive-designate Kevin Cummings — boss of its aerospace division — and wrote off up to £130m of working capital after discovering piles of stock that was worth much less than it expected.

A leading shareholder said GKN "must look externally for a chief executive to come in and take the reins. He or she could undertake further restructuring of the management line-up as they seek to restore investor confidence."

The board, led by chairman Mike Turner, is believed to be considering a number of internal candidates for the job, including Phil Swash, boss of its automotive division, and Jos…
Shares in the electric car maker Tesla jumped 4% last week, after its charismatic boss, Elon Musk, unveiled two new vehicles.

In another deftly executed marketing stunt, Musk unveiled his first electric lorry — which emerged on stage through a cloud of dry ice. He also revealed a $250,000 (£190,000) roadster that Musk claimed would be the "fastest production car ever".

Tesla's shares ended the week at $315.05, valuing the company at $53bn — or $6bn more than Ford.

Yet the glitzy event was really a monumental crowdfunding campaign for a company desperate for cash.

The Tesla lorry will not go into production until 2019, the roadster not until 2020. Yet as soon as the products were announced, Tesla began taking orders for both.

To…
The area around Old Street in east London can feel like another planet. Its inhabitants — start-up founders, venture capital investors and, increasingly, management consultants — rarely leave the coffee shops and shared workspaces of "Silicon Roundabout". Venturing outside London is like intergalactic travel.

This is understandable. East London Tech City, to give the district another of its promotional nicknames, is by some measures the third-largest technology cluster in the world after Silicon Valley and New York. Successive governments have invested heavily to create a thriving ecosystem. The money is here, the people are here. Why go anywhere else?

The answer, as every Dick Whittington fan knows, is that the streets of London are not always paved with gold — and many of Britain's most exciting…
Nicole Bremner tried cooking, photography and a knitting businesses before finally settling on property. "I had a very patchwork career that was not particularly successful," she said.

Bricks and mortar proved to be the right fit for the former bank worker, who was not deterred by the big numbers involved. She started off by selling a flat she owned for £800,000 and raising a further £500,000 by remortgaging her family home. That gave her the money to launch East Eight, a high-end developer, in 2011.

Bremner first bought a rundown listed vicarage in Hackney, east London, and converted it into a luxury home that was sold for a £500,000 profit. "Obviously, I thought making that sort of money was the greatest thing ever," she said.
Launching a new product or service can be disorienting, especially if you are doing it for the first time. It can be lonely at the top. However, while no two businesses are the same, learning from the experiences of fellow entrepreneurs can help you overcome challenges or move forward.

"Networks are powerful tools, and when you become part of the right ones, it can amplify your skills and abilities massively," said Parveen Dhanda at Tech City UK, the government-backed body that helps technology companies.

As their businesses grow, entrepreneurs have to deal with hiring people, opening offices and becoming responsible for the livelihoods of others — a far cry from the ideas that got their start-ups off the ground in the first place. It is in…
Reece Chowdhry, 28, worked at the consultancy EY before jumping off the corporate ladder. He invests through RLC Ventures, which he founded in 2015.

He backs property and technology businesses, such as LandlordInvest, a peer-to-peer lending platform for buy-to-let property, and Bettingmetrics, an interactive dashboard for gamblers. He has made 10 investments of between £20,000 and £250,000.

Youthful advantage

I'm young for an angel investor, which means I have a longer time horizon on some of my investments than people in their fifties and sixties. I can also be a bit more in touch with what people my age are doing.

Winning personalities

I have developed a model that evaluates up to 50 personality traits in a founder to see how they would react in…
The bizarre stand-off at the London Stock Exchange could escalate in coming days, with the publication of a document explaining more about the nature of chief executive Xavier Rolet's planned departure.

Rebel shareholder Sir Chris Hohn claims Rolet has been pushed out by the board. He has called an extraordinary general meeting, asking for Rolet to be reinstated and for chairman Donald Brydon to be sacked.

The LSE directors will have to publish a shareholder circular announcing the meeting, obliging them to say something about the nature of Rolet's agreed departure.

The City is rife with rumours that he had become "imperial" after a successful decade and had a disdain for process. Rolet's allies insist his record speaks for itself.
Melanie Goldsmith of Smith & Sinclair said entrepreneurs need more support when growing a business VICKI COUCHMAN

It was concerning to read that entrepreneurs feel there isn't enough support available when they want to scale up as it's not a problem I have faced ("Start-ups beg for help with growing pains", last week).

As co-founder of a heating and plumbing merchant in northeast England, I have been inundated with support from organisations as well as mentors, all of whom have contributed to our successful expansion.

This year I enrolled in the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses programme, which has allowed me to access services and speak to like-minded entrepreneurs. Also, the northeast's Entrepreneurs' Forum, of which I am a member, offers an intense Scale-up Leaders' Academy.

Support is available; it is up to individuals to hunt out the right programme for them.…
The Scotsman is one of the titles owned by Johnston Press ALAMY

Johnston Press shareholders have questioned the credibility of the activist investor seeking to oust the company's management after he voiced support for Alex Salmond's decision to work for controversial Russian state-owned broadcaster RT.

Christen Ager-Hanssen wants to install former Scottish first minister Salmond as chairman in a shake-up of the publisher, which owns the i, The Scotsman and The Yorkshire Post.

However, investors controlling about 20% of the shares have joined chief executive Ashley Highfield, above, in voicing concerns over Salmond's job at the Kremlin-funded station and a lack of detailed proposals from Ager-Hanssen.

Centrica on the spot

Embattled British Gas owner Centrica will face questions over an impending energy price cap when it updates the market this week.

Moves to cut the standard variable tariff…
It is one of the most established rituals of British political life: at 12.30pm on Wednesday, Philip Hammond, the chancellor of the exchequer, will stand at the dispatch box in the House of Commons and unveil his budget. The main financial event of the year is now held in the autumn rather than in spring, as it was for many years.

Only Hammond and his most senior advisers know what will be in the budget, but as ever it has prompted a wave of predictions — and ferocious lobbying on behalf of those who may benefit from or be hit by any changes the chancellor makes. Here are some areas to watch out for on Wednesday.

Stamp duty holiday

Fixing Britain's "broken" housing market looks…
Both teenagers and pensioners need to help one another ALAMY

Pensions

My budget showstopper would be to enable greater intergenerational flexibility in pensions. Why not allow those with pension pots to transfer — without penalty — an amount to seed a new pension pot for, say, someone under the age of 21?

It might encourage younger people to start saving and give them a much more interesting pension pot. The early years of retirement saving can often appear quite boring, as the figures are usually quite small.

RH, Portishead, Bristol

The chancellor should restrict pension tax relief to the basic rate of income tax. It cannot be right to give relief at higher rates when the resulting pension will be taxed at basic rate.

Not only would this be fiscally fair, it would save a fortune in…
Ethel Roberts and her husband Ted on their wedding day. Her health needs were downgraded from 'severe' to 'high' COURTESY OF STEPHEN ROBERTS

A retired businessman has described how he overturned an NHS decision not to pay his mother's £1,000-a-week care home bill by producing a recording of health professionals indicating it would be funded by the state.

The story highlights the extreme measures families are taking when faced with a complex assessment process that has been described as "not fit for purpose" by leading dementia charities.

Stephen Roberts, 66, from Bromley in Kent, told Money how representatives of the NHS and the local authority met him and his mother, Ethel, 91, at her home in Lewisham, southeast London, last October. They were there to assess whether Ethel, who has dementia and needed round-the-clock attention in a care home, met the criteria to qualify for a little-known source…
Sooner or later, every parent has an epiphany when they realise their child is an independent adult who sees the world differently from them. Never mind the lovey-dovey stuff, these things matter to investors because children are the consumers of today and tomorrow — so it's important to own shares in companies whose goods or services they will buy and to shun those they won't.

These thoughts came to mind recently when considering value anomalies — or, in plain English, shares that look cheap despite stock markets trading near all-time highs. A rising tide has not lifted all boats and some shares remain reasonably priced for buyers today. While newish technology stocks have soared, taking many market indices with them, several "old economy" shares still languish…
Not all dads are as hapless as Homer Simpson, but there is still a stigma attached to those who want to take shared parental leave — and the pay is rubbish too THE SIMPSONS © 20TH CENTURY FOX/SKY

Sexual assault, unequal pay, education, childcare . . . these were some of the issues discussed in a House of Commons debate last week. The subject matter was gender inequality but not, surprisingly, the plight of women.

The twist is that MPs were talking about how male issues are often neglected, and ways in which men and boys get a raw deal in society.

The debate was held to mark International Men's Day, which is celebrated today. Jo Swinson, deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats, said men are often stereotyped as "being a bit hapless and not up to the job" of being a father, like the cartoon character Homer Simpson.

"There is a myth that somehow women are naturally better at parenting," said Swinson.…
The consumer group Which? has issued a warning about what it calls the "biggest investment con in Britain", after an investigation into binary options companies revealed customers are being scammed out of millions of pounds.

Binary options trading — banned in some countries — involves betting on whether the price of a share, stock market index or other asset will go up or down. If the investor is right, they "win" and see a return on their investment; if they are wrong, they lose their money.

However, investors bet directly against the company, so it benefits from their losses. Which? said firms may let customers win initially to encourage them, but in the end the investor always loses.

Almost £60m has been reported lost to…
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates is working to eradicate malaria. He encourages billionaires to give their wealth to charity

A record £1.83bn was given to charity last year by Britain's wealthiest people and corporations in the form of individual gifts of £1m or more — including £40.5m from Lord Sainsbury, the largest individual benefactor, Money can reveal.

This takes the amount donated over the past 10 years to almost £15bn, according to a study by the private bank Coutts and Kent University.

Sainsbury, 77, who chaired the eponymous supermarket chain from 1992 to 1997, and later served as minister for science and innovation, made his donation to the Gatsby Charitable Foundation, which he set up in 1967. It has given considerable sums to Sainsbury's alma mater, Cambridge University, of which he has been chancellor since 2011.

In 2013, Sainsbury and his wife, Susie, signed…
Investing in the schemes won't get you onto the ladder, but will give exposure to the market REX FEATURES

"Don't miss out! Returns of over 10% per year are hard to find", reads the website of CapitalRise, a scheme offering to pay up to 18% annually for "intelligent property investing".

It works by raising money for new developments in prime parts of London and the southeast of England, promising handsome returns for investors once the homes are completed and sold.

With the latest project, outside Winchester in Hampshire, the scheme has raised £1.35m to build two three-bedroom homes and 10 four-bedroom ones in conjunction with Alfred Homes, a developer. You can invest a minimum of £1,000 either directly or through an Isa.

Among the gushing testimonials on the company's website is a quote from aspiring first-time buyer "Annabelle", who says: "I invested in CapitalRise…
In September last year, I rented a car from Europcar at Béziers airport in the south of France. There was no problem with the hire, but of course Europcar made a copy of my driving licence.

In August this year, I received an email receipt from the company for a hire at Marseilles airport in July, followed by invoices stating it was charging me administrative fees for having to pass my details to the French police. I then received three separate demands for speeding fines from the police.

I did not hire this car and was not in France on the dates in question. I was in Mallorca on holiday the day the vehicle was hired in Marseilles and flew home to Britain the next…
Highs and lows: Rippon dabbles in shares and is 'pretty good at buying, but I need to be better at knowing when to sell' NICKY JOHNSTON/CAMERA PRESS

The career of the television presenter Angela Rippon, 73, has spanned more than 50 years. In 1975, she became the BBC's first regular female national newsreader, and she was also one of the first presenters of Top Gear.

Born and raised in Plymouth, Devon, she left school at 17 and went to work at the Western Morning News and Sunday Independent newspapers, joining BBC South West in 1966. More recently she has presented Cash in the Attic, Sun Sea and Bargain Spotting, and Rip Off Britain. She is working with TalkTalk for the upcoming launch of a new service that allows customers to block unwanted calls.

She is divorced and lives in London.

How much money do you have in your wallet?

I try to…
Trawling the web the other day with Christmas in mind, I came across the perfect present for the millennial who has everything: a glass avocado toast ornament.

Handcrafted in Poland, it features glittery slices of the fruit on thick, crusty bread, making "an enchanting addition to your tree or a memorable gift for someone special", according to the American website that sells it. And, given the cost of the real thing in the eateries around Silicon Roundabout in London's East End, the $17 (£12.87) price tag does not seem that excessive.

The appeal of the bread-and-avocado combo may be difficult to grasp for those of us pre-millennials more used to covering our toast with jam, Marmite or perhaps a poached egg or two.

But there…
About 6m people have had their credit card limits increased in the past year without having requested it, Citizens Advice reported. It said there should be a clampdown on unsolicited rises because they encourage debt.

A survey of 1,300 people found unsolicited increases averaged £1,481. Extra credit was given to a third of card holders who were not confident they could pay their current debts. For those not already struggling, the figure was 23%.

Darwin tenners: an endangered species

Shoppers have just over 100 days to spend their paper tenners. The £10 banknotes featuring Charles Darwin will cease to be legal tender on March 2.

Nationwide offers equity release plan

Nationwide has become the first major lender to offer equity release, launching a lifetime mortgage to…
May has found Trump's manner so disarming, she has been unable to get her points across CHRISTOPHER FURLONG/GETTY IMAGES

In spring, with the backlash against Donald Trump's continually erratic behaviour gathering pace in Britain, the president and Theresa May held another conversation in which Trump indicated he did not wish his state visit to go ahead if it meant he would face mass protests in the Mall.

"I haven't had great coverage out there lately, Theresa," he complained. May, perhaps with the sympathies of a fellow sufferer, replied: "Well, you know what the British press are like."

Apparently hoping May could arrange better coverage, Trump said: "I still want to come, but I'm in no rush. So, if you can fix it for me, it would make things a lot easier. When I know I'm going to get a better reception, I'll come and…
It is the autumn of 1996. I've been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1974 and at this point Tina Brown is the editor. One morning my phone rings.

Tina: "Trump! Donald Trump! I've just had breakfast with him at the Plaza. You're going to write a profile of him. You're absolutely going to love him. He's totally full of shit — you'll love him! I've told him he'll love you. You're doing it!"

During our first encounter, in his office in Trump Tower, I grasp that, whoever or whatever I have previously imagined Trump to be, he is foremost a performance artist. Appearance is never not, at some level, artifice. My objective is to apprehend the person within the persona.

There's no…
The most remarkable thing about the current tide of sexual assault and harassment accusations is not their number. If every woman in America started talking about the things that happen during the course of an ordinary female life, it would never end. Nor is it the power of the men involved: history instructs us that for countless men, the ability to possess women sexually is not a spoil of power — it's the point of power. What is remarkable is that these women are being believed.

Most of them do not have police reports, witnesses or physical evidence. Many are recounting events that transpired years — sometimes decades — ago. In some cases, their accusations are validated by a vague, carefully couched quasi-admission of guilt; in others,…
Leonardo da Vinci had a big brain — we all know that. But back in around 1506, as he was dabbing away at a spooky little picture of Jesus Christ as Salvator Mundi, the saviour of the world, not even he could have foreseen that 500 years into the future the pint-sized Christ would smash the world record for a work of art at auction and that some rich schmuck on the phone would end up paying £341m ($450m including commission) for it.

Prior to Wednesday's sale at Christie's in New York, the record for a painting at auction was £115m, paid for Picasso's Women of Algiers in 2015. But the Picasso was modern art and modern art has recently been in a different league…
To lose one lynx was a misfortun­e: to lose two looked like carelessness. But "careless" was not the worst adjective flung at Dean and Tracy Tweedy, the hapless new owners of Borth Wild Animal Kingdom in Ceredigion, mid-Wales, who in the past fortnight saw two of their lynxes die.

First there was Lillith , a beautiful Eurasian lynx who performed a "great leap" and escaped — though no one is entirely sure when — from her enclosure. Nine days ago, Lillith was "humanely" shot by a council-appointed marksman amid disputed claims that she posed a "severe risk" to public safety. Her death prompted an outcry.

Then, on Monday, it emerged that Nilly, a second lynx at Borth zoo, had been strangled during an attempt to…
When you go out these days you are picked up by an Uber driver who's Syrian and taken to the restaurant, where a pretty young Latvian woman shows you to your table and introduces you to your French waiter, who explains what specials the Italian chef has prepared.

On the way home you buy some milk from a Pakistani shopkeeper and then find the Estonian babysitter has broken the lavatory, so you call the Polish plumber, and as you sit waiting for him to arrive, you find yourself wondering when you last spoke in normal, non-enunciated English with anyone you encountered in your workaday life.

The man who runs my off-licence is French, my cleaning lady is from Estonia, the traffic warden with whom I…
How do you describe someone's life in a few hundred words? Especially if that someone was a successful writer who lived to be 91. Ironically, I wanted to consult my father, Michael Bond. I miss him enormously, especially at moments like this. So, I remembered the advice he always gave others: take a blank sheet of paper and write down whatever comes into your head.

He was forever making notes: a funny sign in a shop window or the name of a new character would get jotted down on the back of an old envelope.

Some may be surprised to learn that he hated school and he left at the earliest opportunity. He was 14 at the time.

But a lack of academic qualifications was…
Kevin Rudd, the apple-cheeked former prime minister of Australia, is not going gently into that good night. Aged 60 and four years out of office, he has just embarked on a PhD at Oxford and seems exhilarated to be learning again.

"I'm into dreaming spires," he says languidly when I meet him for a morning coffee. "There's enough of a romantic in me to enjoy this city and its history." Outside, drowsy undergraduates are cycling to their first lectures of the day and tourists are already beginning to roam the city's cobbled streets.

Rudd was prime minister not once but twice. His first stint, as leader of the Labor Party, was in 2007-10; his second was in 2013.

Although we talk under the silent stare…
If Thursday's edition was anything to go by, no journalist at The Sun has ever taken a quick nap in the office. BBC staff on the night shift were snapped by an unnamed whistleblower and revealed to be sleeping on the job.

"Snoozing journo didn't even wait for his Book at Bedtime," smirked one caption beneath a photograph of a man slumped at his desk. Perhaps another worker, apparently getting some shut-eye while wearing his headphones, was listening to the Kipping Forecast?

Ever ready to protect the licence fee from besmirchment, The Sun claimed that some workers at BBC News Channel earn £450 per night shift, adding somewhat unnecessarily that the newsreader Huw Edwards is paid up to £599,999 a year.

The anonymous snapper huffed:…
Benedict Allen caused alarm last week when he was reported missing on an expedition in Papua New Guinea. The explorer, 57, who was found near a remote air strip on Thursday, five days after he went missing, is now facing a "severe ticking off" from family members when he makes it home.

One can sympathise. Allen is one of the last gentleman explorers and has built a career on doing things the hard way. He favours an "immersive" style of exploration, travelling with no back-up from television crews or technology.

Over the years he has been shipwrecked and sewn up a chest wound with a boot-mending kit.

Allen inherited a love of travel and adventure from his father Colin, a test pilot who taught Prince…
Jeremy Hutchinson

Barrister whose cases included Lady Chatterley and Christine Keeler

"Call EM Forster!" Few barristers have had the joy of summoning a name so redolent as a witness. Fewer have taken part in cases that define an era, such as the publication of Lady Chatterley's Lover, and many an advocate would not have struck the right note of restraint ("I believe you have written some novels?").

Jeremy Hutchinson, who has died aged 102, appeared for clients such as the model Christine Keeler, the spy George Blake and the drug dealer Howard "Mr Nice" Marks — and so found himself helping to alter attitudes to sex, secrecy and punishment. In the Chatterley case he pushed for as many female jurors as possible, believing that women get…
Join us on Friday, December 8 for an evening with Bear Grylls: one of the most recognisable faces of adventure on the planet.

Bear is a former 21 SAS soldier, who went on to become one of the youngest ever climbers of Mt Everest, despite breaking his back in a free fall accident only months earlier.

From Everest Bear has gone on to host more extreme adventure TV shows across more global networks than anyone else. These include the Discovery channel show Man Vs Wild and the hit show on NBC Running Wild now in its fifth season.

His Running Wild guests have included President Obama, Roger Federer, Julia Roberts, and many others stars. He also hosts similar adventure shows taking stars into the wild for China TV and for ITV.

Bear is also a number one bestselling author, and the youngest ever chief scout and an inspiration to 40 million scouts around the world.

During this exclusive evening, he will be discussing his many adventures, how he got to where he is today, as well as sharing some of the top survival tips that come together in his new book, How To Stay Alive; a fascinating and entertaining illustrated collection of How To guides.

Copies of How To Stay Alive are available to purchase at a discounted rate within your ticket for the event. Alternatively, full price copies of the book will also be on sale at the event.

Please note that a cash bar will be available ahead of the talk.

To book tickets, click on 'book online' in the information box.

Please note, you will need to be logged in to see the booking button.

Terms and Conditions
One lucky subscriber will win a tutored landscape photography workshop for two at the unforgettable archipelago located between Norway and Iceland, courtesy of Tatra Photography.

A photographer's dream, this group of small islands rise majestically from the sea with the highest sea cliffs in Europe and mountain peaks soaring to nearly 1000 meters.

As part of a small group the lucky winner and a guest will experience a five-day photography tour of the Faroe Islands with the chance to capture the beauty of their majestic mountains, mighty cascading waterfalls, sweeping fjords, rugged beaches and tiny fishing settlements, which make this destination a photographer's dream.

Suitable for all levels; from complete beginners to experienced photographers, the Tatra Photography tour can be enjoyed by those using digital or film format. While on location the winner will receive dedicated one-to-one tuition from professional landscape photographer Adam Burton, who will provide guidance on both the technical and creative aspects of landscape photography and advise on how to capture those wow factor images.

This fantastic prize comes complete with a £250 starter kit from photography equipment experts Lee Filters.

The Tatra Photography trip also includes return flights from London Gatwick to the Faroe Islands via Copenhagen, half board accommodation at the Gjáargarður Guest House in Gjógv and the Hotel Føroyar in Tórshavn. Both offer a simple yet stylish accommodation, which blend perfectly into their natural Faroese backdrops.

To enter, click on 'enter competition' in the information box.

Please note, you will need to be logged in to enter this competition.

Terms and Conditions

1. Open to United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland residents aged 18 or over only, except employees of the Promoter, News Corp UK & Ireland Limited, and their associated, affiliated or subsidiary companies, their families, agents or any other person(s) connected with the competition, including third party promotional partners

2. This competition is only open to Times Subscribers.

3. Competition closes at 23:59 on January 14, 2018 (the "Closing Date"). Entries received after the Closing Date will not be counted.

4. One entry per person. Bulk, automatically generated or third party entries are void.

5. To enter you must click 'Enter competition' button.

6. There is one winners and one prize.

7. The winner will be selected at random from all valid entries for this competition received before the Closing Date.

8. Winners will be notified by email or using the other contact details provided by the winner within seven days after the Closing Date. All reasonable endeavours will be made to contact the winner during the specified time. If a winner cannot be contacted or is not available, the Promoter reserves the right to re-draw another winner from the valid/correct entries that were received before the Closing Date.

9. The prize is a five-day photography tour of the Faroe Islands. The prize is available on the following dates: 13-17th June 2018 or 19-23rd June 2019. It cannot be exchanged for cash and is non-transferable and non-refundable. Travel to and from Gatwick is not included as part of the prize. The prize does NOT include any travel or photography insurance, or any travel or other expenses during the trip. Any out of pocket expenses (such as phone, room service, drinks purchases, gifts and food other than half board dinner and breakfast are not included in the prize). If the prize is unavailable due to circumstances beyond Tatra Photography's control, they reserve the right to provide a substitute prize. The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend or amend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so. The Lee Filter 100mm starter kit includes the following items: • Assembled Filter Holder • ProGlass 0.6 standard ND filter specifically designed for digital photography • 0.6 ND Hard Grad • Triple pouch • Cleaning cloth If the prize is unavailable due to circumstances beyond Lee Filters' control, they reserve the right to provide a substitute prize. The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend or amend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so.

10. The prize is non-transferable and there are no cash alternatives to the prize in whole or in part.

11 The winners may be required to participate in reasonable publicity relating to this Competition.

12. The promoter of this competition is Times Newspapers Limited (publishers of The Times and The Sunday Times) (the "Promoter").

13 *General terms and conditions for competitions apply*.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMPETITIONS

1. These terms and conditions apply to all competitions (unless and to the extent that) the competition states otherwise.

2. The winner is responsible for ensuring they are able to accept the prize as set out and in accordance with these terms and conditions, in the event they are unable to do so then the Promoter reserves the right to redraw the prize.

3. Entry is free but entrants should be aware that they may be subject to data charges depending on their own individual arrangements for Internet access.

4. An eligible entrant must be an individual, must enter on their own behalf, and must submit an entry in the form requested by the Promoter under this promotion including their name, address and e-mail address.

5. By entering, all eligible entrants agree to abide by each and all these terms and conditions. Misrepresentative or fraudulent entries will invalidate an entry. Where a competition involves a voting process: offering or receiving any incentive for voting is not permitted and will invalidate the vote, and may disqualify the recipient of the vote. The Promoter reserves the right, with or without cause, to exclude entrants and withhold prizes for violating any of these terms and conditions. The Promoter reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions. Any amendments will be published on the Website.

6. The Promoter reserves the right to publish entries (including parts of entries) other than the winning entry and publication does not necessarily mean the entrant has won a prize.

7. Entrants will retain copyright in their submitted entries, however, by entering, all entrants licence the Promoter a worldwide royalty-free perpetual licence to edit, publish and use each entry in any and all media (including print and online) for publicity and news purposes. The Promoter reserves the right to publish entries (including parts of entries) although publication does not necessarily mean the entrant has won a prize.

8. There is no cash or other alternative to the prize stated and the prize is not transferable and no part or parts of the prize may be substituted for other benefits, items or additions.

9. Winners may be required to submit valid identification before receiving their prize.

10. The Editor's decision is final and binding on the entrants. No correspondence will be entered into.

11. The Promoter will not be liable for technical, hardware, or software failures of any kind or lost or unavailable network connections that may limit or prohibit an eligible entrant's ability to participate in the competition. Other than death or personal injury arising from the acts or omissions of the Promoter or its employees, the Promoter will not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of the winner's (or their guest's) enjoyment of the prize.

12. By entering, any subsequent prize winners agree to allow the free use of their names, photographs and general locations for publicity and news purposes during this and future promotions by the Promoter or any associated or subsidiary company of News Corp UK & Ireland Limited.

13. Uses of personal data received by the Promoter in the course of the promotion are subject to the privacy policy found on the Promoter's website (the "Website"). Winners' names may be published on the Website.

14. Completion and submission of a registration slip or e-mail will be deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.

15. The Promoter reserves the right at any time to cancel, modify or supersede the competition (including altering prizes) if, in our sole discretion, a competition is not capable of being conducted as specified. The Promoter reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal value in the event that circumstances beyond their control make this unavoidable.

16. For a list of winners please send a stamped envelope to News UK, Competitions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9GF stating for which competition you would like winners' details.
Times subscribers can enjoy 25% off lounge entry with No1 Lounges at Heathrow T3, Gatwick, Edinburgh and Birmingham airports - as well as a 20% discount at our partner lounges at Heathrow Terminal 4, Manchester, Stansted and East Midlands.

No1 has a collection of lounges at airports across the UK, ensuring the perfect start to your trip - regardless of your airline or class of travel. Escape the bustle of the airport with a visit to a No1 Lounge and enjoy runway views, WiFi, made-to-order hot dishes, delicious bar snacks and handmade cakes served alongside prosecco, craft beers, and premium spirits from our fully tended bar. With plenty of quiet areas to catch up on work, comfortable seating and a wide range of newspapers and magazines, each and every guest enjoys a stylish pre-flight experience.

Exclusively to Gatwick's North Terminal you can visit My Lounge, which is perfect for families and groups of friends with self-serve beer pumps and optics alongside a kitchen counter serving up hot and cold grazing snacks.

Or for the ultimate luxury experience, visit Clubrooms and enjoy three-course dining menus, hosted table service, free-flowing Champagne and cocktails. In addition to this exclusive rate, you can enjoy Premium Security access - all complimentary.

To claim your booking code click on 'book online'.

Please note, to redeem this offer you need to be logged in.

Terms and Conditions
Join us on Friday, December 15, at the Royal Albert Hall's intimate Elgar Room for an exclusive afternoon with celebrated operatic tenor Michael Fabiano.

Fabiano will start the afternoon with a performance - including pieces by Puccini, Barber and Duparc - followed by a discussion with The Sunday Times' Hugh Canning. You'll get to hear his story and have the opportunity to ask a question of your own during an audience Q&A session at the end of the talk.

Fabiano made his professional stage debut in 2007 at Klagenfurt State Theatre as Alfredo in Verdi's La Traviata and has since performed at many of the world's leading opera houses, including the Metropolitan Opera, Opera Australia, the Paris Opera, and La Scala.

In 2014, Fabiano became the first person to receive both the Beverly Sills Artist Award and the Richard Tucker Award in the same year. He was also a 2007 winner of the Met's National Council Auditions.

He'll be returning to the Metropolitan Opera this season to reprise his heartbreaking portrayal of Rodolfo in Puccini's La Bohème, and the February 24, 2018 matinee performance will be broadcast live to cinemas across the UK in high definition.

A cash bar will be available during the event.

To discover more about The Met: Live in HD 2017-18 cinema season, click here.

To book tickets, click on 'book online' in the information box.

Please note, you will need to be logged in to see the booking button.

Terms and Conditions
Join us on Wednesday, December 20 for The Times and The Sunday Times Christmas carol service at St Bride's.

Celebrate the festive season at the famous, 300 year-old church of St Bride's. The church, designed by Sir Christopher Wren, is steeped in history. Set in the centre of London on Fleet Street it has a long association with journalists and newspapers.

The service includes traditional carols and readings from some of our journalists.

The evening will be followed by drinks at the near-by restaurant and bar Lutyens where you will be joined by our journalists for mulled wine, canapés and mince pies.

On the night we will be raising money for our Christmas charity appeals. More details to be announced in due course.

To book, click on 'book online' in the information box.

Please note, you will need to be logged in to see the booking button.

Terms and Conditions
The high scores still achieved by many schools suggest that the government was right to press for higher standards AKIRA SUEMORI/THE SUNDAY TIMES

Twenty-five years after it was first published, Parent Power shows yet again that primary schools in England can produce brilliant results no matter where they are. And no matter what methodology is used to rank them.

In this year of change, London schools are prominent, but others in Gateshead and Penzance make the top 10, too. Last year a school in Sale, Greater Manchester, came second. Nowhere has a monopoly on excellence.

At the head of this year's top 500 primary schools (based on 2016 Sats results) is St Stephen's in East Ham, London, just ahead of John Hellins in Northamptonshire. The top two of 14,930 primary schools taking the Sats are very different.

As it happens, they are both in areas I know well.…
Meanwood have put active maths sessions into each class at least once per week and increased the amount of physical activities on offer MATTHEW LLOYD/THE TIMES

The government promised more rigour. So last year children in year 2 and year 6 in English primary schools were the first to take the new Sats, used in today's Parent Power. Up until then, the old system of levels was used to grade a child's attainment, level 4 being the expectation for a child finishing primary school. But this system was abandoned and a system of scaled scores was introduced, with 100 now being the expected standard.

Michael Gove, when education secretary, had announced a new national curriculum in 2014 because "previous expectations were too low" and the new assessment system was designed to reflect a more challenging new curriculum.

So what did this mean for us as a school? How would the new…
There are four applications for every place at St Stephen's AKIRA SUEMORI/THE SUNDAY TIMES

The 10-year-old boy fidgeted in the chair next to her. Head teacher Neena Lall, didn't need to consult her notes to know what they'd say. Written off by his previous school. Fostered, vulnerable, angry at his situation, easily distracted. A trouble-maker who kept the wrong kind of company, with a poor record of attendance and a worse record of attainment. And brimful to the top with potential and charm.

No. St Stephen's wasn't writing off this child today or any other day.

Lall reached for the day-by-day diary she had ordered for her pupil from Amazon. A picture of the New York skyline on the cover. A small lock and key. She slid it across the polished table and towards the boy.

"For you," she…
Coding is taught from year 1, and there is specialist teaching for music, PE and science JEREMY YOUNG/THE SUNDAY TIMES

Sitting cross-legged on the classroom floor, hair escaping from ponytails and uniform comfortably askew, every child's upturned gaze is focused on a teacher brandishing a large, cuddly dragon and posing the query: "What would you say to a dragon if you met one?"(Answer: "Ask it to go away.") The reception class of Notting Hill and Ealing High School Junior School epitomises the down-to-earth charm of this highly successful school.

"This is just the most joyous, happy place," beams the head, Silvana Silva, who teaches all the four- and five-year-olds in reception once a week herself. It's a highlight for all concerned that occasionally involves the little ones tethering fairy wings to their indefatigable headmistress.

"I am a passionate believer that the girls have to be…
Welcome to the 2018 edition of Parent Power, The Sunday Times Schools Guide, a fully searchable database of Britain's leading schools. It allows you to quickly search and compare the leading 650 state and independent primary schools in England, all ranked by their new-style Sat results. With examination results and rankings going back to 2010 in many cases, this is the most comprehensive resource covering elite primary school performance in the UK. Full state and independent secondary school rankings will be published next week



SEARCHING BY PARENT POWER TABLES



The Parent Power tables are divided into independent and state schools. The full menu of tables currently published on this website is shown on the home page. To view our selection of the best schools from…
That look the dog gives you when you drop him or her at the kennels is entirely justified. You're off on a lovely weekend away and you're banging your best friend up in the canine equivalent of a category-C prison. So don't do it. Pick a dog-friendly hotel and take Fido with you. And make it a British hotel. This country has everything a pooch could want — and if Michel Barnier's statement last week is to be believed, it might be tricky taking our pets abroad after Brexit. Best start now.

We've picked 10 hotels across the country that will do your dog proud: they charge no more than £20 extra for your pet (several charge nothing), you won't be banished to an annexe…
It's 22C in Jerez de la Frontera this weekend. That might be reason enough to go, but the real heat in this intense corner of Andalusia is generated by the culture and the people — especially in December, when the bars are packed with amiable crowds singing the flamenco carols known as zambombas. Palaces and poverty live side by side in a city defined by Jesus, music, dance, fine food and sherry. Remember to leave your personal space at home.

Friday

Afternoon

Ryanair flies in on Fridays and Mondays (from just £33 return), landing not long after 11am. Catch the MD train for the seven-minute ride into town (£1.20 return; renfe.com) or get a cab (£14). Check in, then head for Juzgados and the Royal…
Heel-raiser: only the toes of your boots attach to telemark skis, and you turn by kneeling NORBERT EISELE-HEIN/ALAMY

After 30 years on skis, I've come full circle. I'm standing at the top of a nursery slope in the Austrian resort of Lech — and it feels like the north face of the Eiger.

Why? Because I've got a pair of telemark skis strapped to my feet.

Telemarking is trending in the Austrian Alps. It's an old-school technique that harks back to the dawn of skiing. Its origins lie with the Norwegians, who first adapted a simple snowshoe into a pair of skis — Telemark is a county of Norway. Over the past five years, though, interest in the sport has mushroomed among experienced Austrian and German skiers who are bored of carving the same old pistes in the same old way, and want a…
Not buying a map was my first error. I honestly thought we could pick one up en route. But once we crossed the border into Mozambique, it was like entering another world. A terrifying one, and certainly like nothing we'd encountered over a long period of exploring Africa.

I have close ties to South Africa, having served for nearly 18 years in its navy, following a career in the Royal Navy. Our daughter, now 46, still lives out there, and we own a little place in Robertson, a couple of hours' drive east of Cape Town, where we have a bakkie, or pick-up truck. We live in Isham, a quiet village in Northamptonshire, but every year we go to South Africa for 10 weeks, and…
Dear Benedict Allen,

Like everyone back home, I'm delighted that you've been found safe and well in Papua New Guinea. But you have put your wife, family and friends through an awful lot of worry, and had a pretty grisly time yourself, by the sound of it. (Mind you, I hear you once ate your own dog to survive, so you may have different standards of grisly from the rest of us.)

But you know, Benedict, it didn't have to be like this. There is an easier way.

Like you, I have ventured into the Sepik region of Papua New Guinea. I, too, travelled into the dark heart of its interior. I sat with painted tribesmen as they beat drums to conjure up spirits from…
Why?

There's a reason Robin Hood loved it so much: look past the legend and you'll find a medieval landscape bursting with ancient oaks, secret bridleways and enchanting stately homes, all at their most alluring beneath a winter frost. Throw in longbow lessons and a pint of real ale by an open fire, and you've got yourself a weekend.

What you do

Base yourself in Edwinstowe, a pretty village in Sherwood Forest. Legend has it that Robin Hood married Maid Marian at St Mary's, built on the village green in 1175. It's a 15-minute yomp through open fields to the visitor centre, where you pick up the mile-long trail to the marvellous Major Oak, fabled home of Robin. This isn't your average tree: it's more than…
People assume I'm always going on road trips, but I rarely drive bikes on the road. If I have a bike that does 200mph, I'm going to do 200mph... and that isn't good for your licence.

One of the few road trips I have done was around Florida with some mates a few years ago. We went to Daytona for the annual Daytona 200 bike race. Then we rode on to Gainesville to watch the Top Fuel dragsters at the raceway there, which was the most impressive thing I've ever seen. The acceleration of those cars is mind-boggling. When the back wheels pass where the front wheels were at the start of the race, they're doing 100mph and pulling 5.5g. The noise, the smell, the…
The wind is high, the rain horizontal, and most folk are hunkered down at home. But not me. This church contains the skull of an archbishop, the 58th holder of the position, born circa 1316. This is also the town where a portraitist was baptised in 1727. (The Blue Boy, I am reminded.) It's not a day for wandering, though, so, head down, I beetle back to the jalopy.

Driving southeast, I pass near the hamlet where a colonial administrator was born in 1588. He served 13 terms as the governor of Massachusetts. Yet it's a second hamlet three miles to its northeast that attracts me — particularly its 13th-century thatched chapel. As I am about to set out to explore, a gust of wind rocks…
My wife and I plan to visit our son in Auckland in February. My wife hates flying and wants a week's beach-based stopover each way. Any ideas?

John Dearlove, Brighton

Will Hide replies: There's no way to sugar-coat it— flying to Auckland takes a minimum of 25 hours. So, if you've got the time, breaking the journey each way with a mini holiday is a great idea.

Probably the most convenient, streamlined way to get there and back is via Dubai, which has plenty of beaches. Trailfinders has returns to New Zealand with Emirates in February from £779. Add a week's B&B at the Sofitel Jumeirah Beach on the way out and, for a change of scene, a week at the Hilton Al Hamra Beach…
Congratulations to Roger Clark, this week's winner of our Big Shot competition, in association with Audley Travel (01993 838000, audleytravel.com). He took this photo of king penguins huddling together moments after a squall hit in South Georgia. He wins a £250 photography voucher and makes the shortlist for the main prizes, which include a 13-day trip to Mexico. Upload your shots below or enter on Instagram, using the hashtag #STBigShot. Tag us @sundaytimestravel

This week's runners-up



Back of the net: weaving in sync at the Negombo fishing village, Sri Lanka GEORGE WARNER

Red rock west: nearing the summit at White Pocket, in Vermilion Cliffs National Monument, Arizona ANGUS LAING

Spot of bother: a leopard cub keeps an anxious watch for its mother in the Okavango Delta, Botswana DARSHANA SHAH

Grain man: digging among the fresh shoots on the Banaue rice terraces, in the Philippines JAMES WARNER

Upload your photo

This week's competition closes at 11.59pm on Wednesday. Ages 18+; UK and RoI only. T&Cs at the sundaytimes.co.uk/travelphotocomp

Can't see the form? Upload at thesundaytimes.co.uk/thebigshot
She loves a renovation, does Jo Wood. During her 26-year marriage to the Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood, she made over properties in London and LA, New York, Miami and Ireland, as well as Holmwood, their vast family home in Kingston, southwest London. But her post-divorce house in Primrose Hill has been the project closest to her heart.

"I had nobody else who influenced me in doing it up. I was free to do what I wanted — nobody saying [she does a whiny husband voice] 'I don't like that colour wall'," says the ex-model and entrepreneur, TV personality and founder of an organic fragrance range. "I did exactly what I wanted and I loved it."

Wood has renovated properties in London and LA, New York, Miami and Ireland VICKI COUCHMAN

There's another reason Jo, 62, is fond of the…
The magic of the one-hour commute is wearing off. As fast broadband rolls out across Britain and flexible working frees people to spend fewer days at their desks in the capital, Knight Frank estate agency has identified part-time commuting as a key trend driving the property market.

House prices in commuter towns have risen relentlessly in the past few years, and long-distance rail routes are improving. Add in the fiftysomethings downsizing their schedules — and retirees going back to work — and it's no surprise that station car parks are less full on a Friday.

Working from home one or more days a week means commuters can extend their search. So where could you live if you only need to be in London four, three,…
The first thing I do when I get home is greet the cat, Katinka. It's a great moment. She is always waiting for me outside, even if I've been out for the evening and I don't get home until half past eleven at night. She comes running to meet me. She's very demanding, though. That keeps one busy. You have to open doors for her, even though she has a catflap.

The other nice thing she does in the morning is climb the wisteria at the front of the house. When I draw back the curtains, there she is on the windowsill looking in. When I open the window, she comes inside. She's a white cat with a tabby tail and, at 11, quite remarkable.…
Florida 43% off

Was $22.9m

Now $12.995m

For sheer extravagance, this Renaissance-style mansion, pictured above, in Boca Raton rivals President Trump's nearby Mar-a-Lago. In the grounds of the Royal Palm Yacht & Country Club, with 24-hour security, it has six bedrooms, seven bathrooms, a five-car garage and yacht dockage. So far, so impressive. But there's plenty more: a "banquet" dining room, two kitchens (gourmet and summer), indoor and outdoor pools, a breakfast room overlooking a tropical water garden, a lift, a gentleman's library and lady's office, a billiards room/pub, staff quarters with an office, a putting green and a master suite wing with his-and-hers onyx spa baths. It came onto the market in July 2015. 020 7467 5330, premierestateproperties.com



France 49% off

Was €9.8m

Now €4.935m

This 18th-century…
Christmas may be coming, but the weather is anything but festive — Britain is in the grip of a three-week cold spell and councils are running out of grit. What's more, a recent survey conducted for the Energy Networks Association found that 9.5m people in the UK don't carry out basic preparations for winter.

If you're one of them, don't fret: there's still time to batten down the hatches. Here's how.

Go outside

The exterior of a property needs a thorough MOT. Check chimneys are not leaning or damaged, and that the lead flashings on the join between the stack and the roof are in good condition — these can fail due to age or wind, letting water stream into your home.

Ensure roof tiles have…
Craft is a thick flatweave in wool from the hand-woven Atelier collection, by Brink and Campman. Shown in yellow, the rug is also available in pale blue and pale pink (140cm x 200cm, £299; 160cm x 230cm, £399; 200cm x 280cm, £599). woven.co.uk

A new rug can transform a room, but the wrong materials or an unfortunate design will soon become a source of, well, rugret. So how do you choose?

Dirt-defying stripes are traditionally deployed in high-traffic areas, but their appeal is spreading. Lorna Haigh, head of creative at Alternative Flooring, designed the Margo Selby Stripes range so zones can be mixed and matched throughout a home. "Play with lively shades in broad stripes on bigger rugs in living spaces, and use ticking in narrower areas, such as on stairs," she says.

Hand-knotted wool Beni Ourain rugs, vintage or new, are the season's must-buy. "They work in any setting — traditional or contemporary," says Henny Tate, of Tate & Darby. "Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier and Matisse were…
With the arrival of the seasonal ads on telly, the first door of the modern advent calendar has been flung open. There's no closing it now, any more than we can get Elbow's Golden Slumbers out of our heads. Therefore, Christmas preparations must begin.

First jobs: booking the supermarket delivery slot and sorting out the sleeping arrangements. Retro metal bedsteads are superb for guest rooms, stoutly constructed and curiously cosy.

For those serious about seasonal decor, here's this year's hot tip: the Christmas cushion is the new Christmas jumper. Sporting reindeers and robins (M&S), flashing with LED lights (Dunelm) or gleaming with baubles emblazoned with the kids' names (notonthehighstreet. com), these accessories say: "Despite having flawless taste all year round, we don't take ourselves too…
Ignore those who mutter about wreaths appearing ever earlier. They may dismiss this as yet another American import, but wreaths have been a part of winter celebrations since the Roman midwinter festival of Saturnalia.

More than two millennia later, the simple ring of evergreen foliage has been elevated in the style stakes. Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest will be awash with all manner of wreaths over the coming weeks, from rings of brussels sprouts to glittery baubles, but natural creations with a garden-gathered, inspired-by-the-hedgerow feel are the latest trend.

So, wrap up warm, grab your secateurs and scour your garden for sculptural seedheads, colourful stems, bountiful berries and fragrant foliage; all make rich pickings for those who fancy making their own seasonal wreath.

A brass wreath base from Rowen & Wren (£22 for two)

Create your own…
Birdseed and lard is the perfect mix for a fatball

• Make a few fatballs to hang on trees or from your bird table. Combine bought birdseed and lard; a sprinkling of chilli powder won't bother the birds, but will keep other animals at bay.

• Brighten up your garden with lighting. There's a good selection at lights4fun.co.uk.

• Take root cuttings of favourites such as anemones, poppies and verbascum for easy, low-cost abundance. Just dig up the plant, cut off some healthy roots and divide them into sections about half an inch long. Lay them on top of some gritty cuttings compost, cover with more grit, water, then leave to sprout somewhere warm.

• Clean and sharpen your favourite tools. Fill a bucket with sand and use this as their resting place: this will keep…
London NW1 From £3.25m

The reworked Victorian Chappell piano factory, in Camden, has artfully rusted ironmongery and deep red velvets in its communal spaces. Residents of the 10 three- and four-bedroom loft-style apartments (where pianos played by Strauss and Sibelius were crafted) can network on the leisure deck, where they can spin tunes in a DJ booth or take a dip in the 55ft-long pool. For £8.5m, you get a four-bedroom flat with four bathrooms and a private terrace. chappellofts.com; 020 3425 5615, savills.co.uk; 020 7724 4724, astonchase.com

Follow Home on Instagram to see more pictures of this property

Cornwall £795,000

Calm and balmy, wild and stormy — whatever the weather, you'll be enthralled by the views from this six-bedroom frontline coastal house, which stretches across Praa…
Why it's hot Which is the UK's best capital city? London, for its international glamour? Edinburgh, for its stately beauty? When it comes to affordable liveability, Belfast trumps its rivals.

The shadow of the Troubles has all but lifted, with the locals pointing out that the politicians are lagging behind a progressive population. There's an independent spirit: for every big name at the Victoria Square shopping centre, half a dozen homegrown eateries show off bounty from the local larder. The shipyards of the Titanic Quarter are re-emerging as a dynamic area around the new Titanic Hotel, and Citigroup and several big legal firms are opening HQs.

For the first time in decades, Belfast's population is growing — one of the factors helping property values to crawl…
We've been building up to this December date for months. No, not Christmas: December 8 is the day we're all waiting for, when series two of The Crown premieres on Netflix.

As well as admiring Claire Foy's impeccable cut-glass accent — and enviable royal wardrobe — we will once again be swooning over locations such as Ardverikie, in the Highlands, which stands in for Balmoral. It had a starring role in series one, when the royals treated themselves to a woodland picnic, but there's no news on how big a part it plays in the forthcoming episodes — Netflix, which reportedly spent £200m on the show, has sworn the owners to secrecy. The 19th-century baronial estate near Newtonmore — also seen in the 1997 film Mrs Brown, starring Judi…
The tog rating of a duvet tells you how warm it will be on a scale of 2.5 to 15. A 4.5-tog duvet might keep you warm in summer, but a 13.5-tog duvet is better for winter. Some find it more pleasant to use a 10.5-tog duvet all year.

Two in one If you want to adjust seasonally, consider brands offering two duvets (9 and 4.5 togs) that can be attached together to give an overall rating of 13.5 (from £50; johnlewis.com).

Partner duvets If you and your partner can't agree on the tog rating, try a split-tog duvet. These have different amounts of filling on each side, so you should both be comfortable. Check the options at linenfields.co.uk (from £60) and alltogduvets. co.uk (from…
When it's bleak outside, there's nothing like toasting your toes in front of a real fire. Coaxing a roaring blaze into life, however, can be a frustrating round of wasted matches and smoke filling your sitting room. Follow these tips and your inner caveman will be proud.

Sweep the chimney

Fire needs three things: fuel, heat and oxygen. So a good flow of air is essential — and that means a clear chimney. As well as sending smoke back into the room, a soot-clogged flue can catch fire. The National Association of Chimney Sweeps recommends calling in a sweep every three months when a log fire is in use: find one at nacs.org.uk.

Use the right wood

Wet wood is no good. Green, freshly cut logs…
Problem of the week



Q My brother lives in a flat in my elderly parents' house. He pays a token rent, separate council tax on the flat and a share of utility bills. There is no tenancy agreement in place. In their will, my parents have bequeathed their estate, including the house, to me and my brother equally. Can he claim any tenant rights that would prevent the sale of our parents' home on their death? And could he prevent them from selling the property if they needed to do so to pay for a nursing home?

JW, via email

A Despite the absence of a formal tenancy agreement, the fact that your brother pays rent, council tax and a share of the utilities suggests he is…
I have saved enough to put down a deposit on a rural French bolthole (Brexit be damned). With borrowing costs reputedly set to rise, can you give me some mortgage advice?

T Rolfe, by email

French lenders are generally happy to consider second-home mortgages for non-residents, and high loan-to-values of up to 80%, or even 85%, are available. The lowest interest rates are for repayment loans, which means you pay back the capital as you go; interest-only mortgages are harder to obtain and are decided on a case-by-case basis.

The French prefer long-term fixed-rate mortgages, so rates are competitive, starting at about 2%, fixed for up to 20 years. A quirk of this market is that variable rates tend to be higher — and with indications…
Should I buy an induction hob?

N Sloane, London

K Pemberton, via email

Absolutely. Efficient and easy to clean, but you can't use aluminium saucepans.

Helen Elliott, West Sussex

Great temperature control.

Valerie Bowden, via email

The hob hums, and as you turn the heat up, it groans.

Mike Wilkinson, via email

If you have a pacemaker, don't go within 60cm of one, due to magnetic field.

Andy Hope, Winchcombe

Safe and quick, but your pots must be stainless steel.

Mario Cescutti, via email

Fast, doesn't heat up kitchen, but beeps when you put anything on it.

Future question How can I stop scatter cushions from slipping on a leather sofa?

Send your tips, tricks and questions to homehelp@sunday-times.co.uk
'What's that got to do with the price of..." is a saying that has become a family joke, especially when a sister blurted out "... eggs?", expecting a serious answer. Instead, everyone just laughed, and has been laughing ever since. I guess you had to be there.

What's that got to do with the price of avocados? This is the irrelevant foodstuff that has dominated last week's discussion on the "broken" property market.

Let's be clear, the price of avocados — and they are reaching record values — is related to inclement weather, meagre harvests and a growing global hunger for the fruit. Its cost has far more bearing on the livelihoods of farmers in Mexico than of a gig-economy worker in Hackney.

The housing…
Devon £1.8m

Cliff House is a five-bedroom Arts and Crafts home perched on a peninsula, with clear views across the water. Tucked away in a cul-de-sac off the main coastal road, a mile away from Torquay, it has a timber summerhouse and a lawn for croquet, but the best thing is private access to the beach below. 01392 215631, struttandparker.com

North Yorkshire £775,000

Near several popular schools, the Hollies is an extended, interior-designed 1920s house with about 2,000 sq ft of living space. On the edge of Copmanthorpe, less than four miles from York city centre, it has four bedrooms, Arts and Crafts and art deco detailing, and a white Aga in the kitchen. 01904 564108, carterjonas.co.uk

Kent £4.35m

This early 17th-century pile was given an Arts…
Claim your 100 architectural garden alliums, worth £27.60 - all you have to pay is postage.

These magnificent allium bulbs produce an explosion of colour, followed by architectural seedheads that create a spectacular autumn display. Undemanding and easy to grow, these magnificent allium flowers are also excellent for cutting. This collection comprises of the following bulb varieties:

3 x allium 'Purple Sensation'

Globes of starry purple flowers that measure up to 8cm (3") across. Height: 90cm (36"). Spread: 10cm (4"). Bulb size 9/10.

43 x allium neapolitanum

These dainty white alliums flower from May-June. Excellent for cut flower displays, these are also the ideal plant for the border as they are great naturalisers, and its soft tones make it a good plant for mixed displays. Height 30cm. Bulb size 4/5.

16 x allium roseum

Soft lilac-pink and white flowers. These dainty alliums flower from May-June with delicate blooms at a height of 30-60cm. Excellent for cut flower displays. Bulb size 4/5.

30 x allium sphaerocephalon

An understated allium with unusual oval shaped, purple green flower heads, that associates beautifully with swaying grasses. Height: 50cm to 1 metre (20" to 40"). Spread: 8cm (3").Bulb size 4/5.

5 x allium caeruleum

Bright blue globes of starry flowers are carried on stiff upright stems. Height: 60cm (24"). Spread: 8cm (3"). Bulb size 4/5.

3 x allium 'Mount Everest'

Enormous pure white domes 15cm across formed from compact clusters of small spiky star shaped flowers. These will look stunning soaring up at the back of a border - Height 1.2m. Bulb size 9/10.

To claim your free collection, just pay £5.65 to cover postage.

You can also enjoy these great offers:

Offer 1: Tulip border collection. Buy 32 for £9.99 or buy 64 for £11.99 - save £7.99

A blend of some of the most popular tulips. This collection is ideal for no-fuss spring colour next season, then this is the easy option mix for you. Containing tall, medium and dwarf varieties in a wide range of colours and forms. Ht. 20-60cm.

Offer 2: 505 bulb collection. Buy 505 bulbs for only £14.99 - half price

This fantastic bumper bulb collection of spring bulbs is superb value for money a total of 505 bulbs to fill your beds, borders and containers with colour.

The collection comprises of narcissus yellow cheerfulness, muscari armeniacum, chionodoxa, allium moly, sparaxis mixed, brodiaea Queen Fabiola and hyacinth Blue Pearl

Offer 3: Eremurus Sunbeam. Buy 3 bare root plants for £6.99 or buy 6 bare root plants for £10 - save £3.98

In early summer these striking eremurus produce tall spires consisting of hundreds of star-shaped blooms. This improved foxtail lilies looks fantastic partnered with lower growing perennials and grasses to hide the short-lived, grey green foliage which dies back as the flowers begin to bloom. This long-lived hardy perennial also makes a sensational cut flower.

Offer 4: Nerine Bowdenii 'Pink'. Buy 5 for £9.99 or buy 10 for £14.98 - save £5

This autumn flowering nerine (also known as Guernsey lily) bears bright pink, blooms on sturdy stems that make dramatic cut flowers at a time when other blooms are scarce. This RHS AGM species is best planted in tight clumps for a dramatic late season display. Bulb size: 12/14cm.

Bulbs will be despatched from November 2017 onwards. All other orders will be acknowledged by letter or email, advising despatch date.

Please note, to redeem this offer you need to be logged in.

Terms and Conditions
Leonard was elected as leader yesterday, but some wonder how his English accent and private schooling will win over Scots GETTY IMAGES

Richard Leonard has come under immediate fire as Scottish Labour's fourth leader in three years after warning that his predecessor could be suspended for taking time off work to appear in a reality TV show.

The privately educated left-wing ally of Jeremy Corbyn spoke out after he convincingly defeated Anas Sarwar, his moderate opponent, winning 56% of the vote.

Leonard, who has been an MSP for 18 months and takes over with the party in crisis in Scotland, called for unity after a bitterly fought contest.

However, critics said his talk of coming together rang hollow amid fears of a purge after he signalled that former Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale could be suspended for agreeing to appear on I'm a Celebrity . . . Get Me out…
Johnston Press shareholders have questioned the credibility of the activist shareholder trying to buy The Scotsman alongside Alex Salmond (pictured) REX

Johnston Press shareholders have questioned the credibility of the activist shareholder seeking to oust management after he voiced support for Alex Salmond's decision to work for controversial Russian state-owned broadcaster RT.

Christen Ager-Hanssen wants to install the former first minister as chairman in a shake-up of the publisher, which owns The Scotsman and The Yorkshire Post.

His plan involves ousting chairman Camilla Rhodes and other directors, and bringing in newspaper veteran Steve Auckland to revitalise the business, which has debts of £220m and a market cap of £15m.

However, investors controlling about 20% of the shares have expressed concerns about Salmond's job at the Kremlin-funded TV station and the lack of detailed proposals from Ager-Hanssen.

One investor told The Sunday Times: "Johnston is a lot…
A former Tory MSP has denied knowing that Richard Cook's (pictured) group ploughed more than £400k into his pro—Brexit campaign from undeclared DUP donors

A former Tory MSP and ex-colleague of Richard Cook, the Scot whose group ploughed more than £400k from undeclared donors into the DUP for its pro-Brexit campaign, denies knowing where the money came from.

Brian Monteith runs the right-leaning think tank Think Scotland, for which Cook once acted as a senior adviser, and served as head of press at Leave.EU, which campaigned for withdrawal in last year's EU referendum.

Leave.EU was co-funded by Arron Banks, whose EU referendum donations are under investigation by the Electoral Commission.

Cook, a former Scottish Tory vice-chair, chairs the Constitutional Research Council (CRC), which bankrolled part of the DUP's Brexit campaign.

Questions have been raised about its funding and how it is run. He insists the CRC does not accept…
Students at St Andrews and other colleges can currently borrow up to £5,750 STUART WALLACE

Students in Scotland will be guaranteed an annual living wage of £8,100 under plans to be promoted as delivering the best support package in the UK for people in university and college education.

The Sunday Times understands the proposal will be at the heart of a long-awaited independent review of student support chaired by Jayne-Anne Gadhia, the Virgin Money chief executive, at the request of the Scottish government.

The blueprint to help encourage more to study in higher and further education will also recommend that student loan terms are enhanced, with an increased loan repayment threshold.

Published tomorrow, the package, which appears to borrow from the approach taken in Wales, proposes making student loans available in further education and debt write-off for those transitioning from…
Nicola Sturgeon (right) reiterated her view that the EU withdrawal bill is not acceptable in its current form during a meeting with Theresa May at No 10 this week GETTY IMAGES

Theresa May and the UK's devolved administrations must act urgently to end a stalemate over the EU withdrawal bill, a committee of MPs has warned.

Westminster's Scottish affairs committee issued the call before the Commons considers the devolution sections of the legislation.

It follows talks between Nicola Sturgeon and the prime minister during which Scotland's first minister reiterated her view that the bill was not acceptable in its current form.

Both the Scottish and Welsh administrations have branded the legislation, which has begun its committee stage in the Commons, as a "power grab' as it would return responsibilities in devolved areas such as agriculture from Brussels to London.

A report from the committee urges the UK government to agree which powers will be subject to…
The potential deal could save 1,400 jobs at engineering yards in Fife and Lewis GETTY IMAGES

An agreement has been reached that will lift the threat of administration from engineering firm BiFab, which employs 1,400 people at yards in Fife and Lewis.

A financial package to complete a current wind farm contract has been provided by Seaway Heavy Lifting, SSE and project partner JCE Offshore. The Scottish government has indicated that it will, if necessary, make a commercial loan facility available to BiFab.

BiFab will now receive payments to alleviate cash flow issues, enabling the threat of administration to be lifted and see work continue on the contract for the Beatrice offshore wind farm in the Moray Firth.

Last week workers from BiFab's two yards held a demonstration outside the Scottish parliament after the firm warned it was in danger of…
Mud on the floor of sea lochs, such as Loch Carron, has been found to be very efficient at storing carbon GETTY IMAGES

Mud, mud, glorious mud, as any hippo knows, is good for cooling the blood. Scottish research has found that it is also significant for its capacity to absorb and store carbon for cooling the planet.

Climate change experts at St Andrews University have concluded that the sediment at the bottom of Scotland's sea lochs is better at storing carbon long-term than peatland. Bill Austin, who co-authored the study, said the findings added to a growing body of evidence that highlighted the "absolute" need to safeguard "Scotland's forgotten mud" if the nation is to meet environmental targets.

Professor Austin, whose ongoing work is funded by the Natural Environment Research Council, said: "The headline figures are very large: about 650 megatonnes (Mt) of carbon stored naturally in…
Life in the fast lane can have its disadvantages, and advocates of "slow living" are being heard above the din. Consumers are eschewing goods produced quickly and opting for something with a backstory, and demand for food and fashion with an authentic stamp of provenance has taken off.

Taking its lead from the slow food movement that began in Italy during the 1980s, slow living places importance on fostering human connections, engaging with the world around us and simplifying our hectic lives. Now the ethos has extended to present-buying.

Used by retailers to describe products with three core credentials — quality, craftsmanship and provenance — slow gifting has been hailed as one of this year's top Christmas trends. Personal shoppers are reporting a surge in popularity of…
There were 1,265 alcohol-related deaths in Scotland last year, a 10 per cent increase on the year before GETTY IMAGES

Dr Peter Rice was in a medical meeting in London on Wednesday when the culmination of more than a decade's worth of campaigning came to fruition in the historic judgment by Supreme Court justices that paves the way for Scotland to become the first country to introduce a minimum price per unit of alcohol.

It wasn't until later that evening, heading for the sleeper back to Scotland, that the psychiatrist, who is chairman of Scottish Health Action on Alcohol Problems, allowed himself a moment of quiet celebration in the form of a rare pint. "It was 4% alcohol by volume," he said.

The Scottish government is set to outline a timetable for minimum unit price (MUP) legislation this week, with industry insiders expecting it to…
There are some column subjects that are such a potential quagmire of schmaltzy, bumper-sticker philosophy from the get-go that they are best avoided, but lately I've been thinking about the transformative power of kindness.

I don't mean the concept of "karma", or the trends for "random acts of kindness"and "paying it forward" that sweep social media platforms for a week or two every couple of years — all of which have an element of faddishness about them and can just as easily be carried out by people who are mean the majority of the time.

I mean kindness as an ongoing philosophy; a conscious choice with the ability to boost not just social but economic capital.

Last week, novelist Ian Rankin suggested that in a…
The term "ITMA" may spark a flicker of recognition among senior readers or radio buffs — a BBC comedy that ran in the 1940s starring the popular comedian Tommy Handley. Short for It's That Man Again, the show supposedly played a big role in sustaining morale on the home front during the Second World War. Even the royals listened.

We could develop a similar expression today about Scottish politics: ITRA, or "It's That Ruth Again". Last week, Tory leader Ruth Davidson was named Scottish Politician of the Year at the awards in Edinburgh's Prestonfield Hotel. It was the second year in a row that she scooped the prize, and last year was the first time that a Conservative had won.

Davidson has certainly lifted Tory…
I watched a news item this week about restaurants asking people not to use their mobile phones while eating. It was being reported like it was a ground-breaking idea. So it has come to this. The land that gave the world queuing and firm handshakes, Ps and Qs and beggin' your pardon, sir, straight backs and women and children first, now needs to be told not to watch the new John Lewis Christmas ad while out on a date. Frankly, I am too shocked to speak.

This is the country that also gave the world Debrett's, all the way back in 1769 — a company that publishes books and runs courses on etiquette. They have a website. I looked it up. The section on Table Manners…
Think of Nicola Sturgeon as Jane Eyre: clever, dedicated and working hard doing something she loves for a party she adores. Yet, along with being increasingly unloved by her party, she is becoming irrelevant.

For upstairs in the party's attic is the first Mrs Rochester, in the shape of Alex Salmond, popping up and lighting fires all over the place, enveloping Sturgeon and her party — indeed, the reputation of Scottish politics — in a ball of destructive flames.

First, it was crude sexist jokes at his Edinburgh Fringe show. Now it's being the mouthpiece of a despot.

Sturgeon appears to have given up trying to support her former mentor. It fell to John Swinney, the deputy first minister, to devote a large chunk of…
By his own admission, Mikael Lustig got a little carried away when he made it to his first World Cup finals with Sweden at the expense of Italy, who will miss their first for 60 years next summer, on Monday night. Incensed by some of the home fans at the San Siro booing his country's national anthem beforehand, the 30-year-old defender responded with a couple of expletives picked up by microphones, then led raucous celebrations after the 0-0 draw in Milan, which included demolishing a TV presenter's platform on the pitch and shaving off captain Andreas Granqvist's remaining hair in the dressing-room. So much for the cliche of dispassionate Scandinavians with ice in their veins.

The swearing brought a public rebuke from Josefin, his wife,…
Bernie McGuinness is held by her son Fiachra after a tribute to her late husband Martin

Gerry Adams told an emotionally charged Sinn Fein ard fheis yesterday that he will not contest the next general election. Speaking to about 2,500 delegates in Dublin's RDS, he said this would be his last ard fheis as Sinn Fein president and he would ask the party to set a date in 2018 to elect his successor.

Adams, who will be 70 next year, will have served a remarkable 35 years as president. In the audience were his wife Colette and Martin McGuinness's widow Bernie.

Adams also announced that veteran republican Martin Ferris, a Kerry TD, will also retire from the Dail at the next general election. The two were given a standing ovation as they embraced and gave the crowd a clenched fist salute.
An employee with a company that supplies cloud storage for legal firms has been suspended after he was accused of leaking the files of a case involving his wife.

Actons Newman solicitors obtained a High Court injunction on Thursday preventing the employee of Expd8, the cloud services company, and his wife, from disseminating or using the legal files allegedly obtained in an unauthorised data breach.

Frank Callanan, senior counsel for Actons Newman, told judge Bronagh O'Hanlon there was "significant urgency" in the application. Actons Newman had hired Expd8 to provide cloud-based case management services, as had many other legal firms, he said. Mark Doyle, a partner at the legal firm, told the court the chairman of Expd8 had come to his office to personally tell…
Frances Fitzgerald has been confirmed as using a Gmail account to send and receive official documents LEAH FARRELL/ROLLINGNEWS.IE

The tanaiste transmitted data about Ireland's position on Brexit in April 2016 using a private Gmail account, despite stating she had never used unsecured email for official government business.

The Department of Justice has confirmed Frances Fitzgerald sent and received official documents using a private Gmail account, following an application under freedom of information law by Catherine Murphy, a Social Democrat TD.

The information commissioner ordered the department to produce a register of the documents Fitzgerald had transmitted by Gmail, but said others could not be disclosed as they were official government documents. The Sunday Times was unable to contact Fitzgerald for comment last week.

Murphy said she sought copies of all records and memos sent by Fitzgerald using Gmail when she was justice minister,…
Al Porter, the comedian, is to take a break from presenting his show on Today FM after allegations of groping were made against him by a number of men.

In a statement yesterday evening, the station said: "In light of recent events, Today FM and Al Porter have agreed he will take some personal time from his lunchtime radio show. No further comment will be made."

A threat by Porter to injunct a story in The Sunday Times was withdrawn yesterday just after 6pm. Lawyers representing the comedian were seeking to prevent the publication of claims by a former psychiatric patient that Porter groped and kissed him while visiting a hospital in 2015. It is understood that the comedian rejects the claims, although he refused…
A former psychiatric patient has claimed that Al Porter, the broadcaster and comedian, groped and kissed him while visiting a hospital in 2015.

The student, who is in his mid-twenties and who asked not to be named, spent almost six weeks as an inpatient in St Patrick's after he was diagnosed with depression. He had previously made a suicide attempt.

The man said he and two fellow patients met Porter on October 6, 2015, when the comedian was one of a number of celebrities visiting the hospital to promote Mental Health Awareness Week and the Walk in my Shoes charity broadcast.

"We were chatting to Al and he was all handsy, touching my chest, telling me I'm gorgeous," the man said. "He said I was…
Bob Geldof relinquished his Freedom of Dublin honour in protest at sharing it with Aung San Suu Kyi

Following Bob Geldof's decision to return his Freedom of the City of Dublin award last week, some Belgians are wondering if he plans to return another award, in honour of a monarch responsible for the genocide of 10m Congolese.

The lead singer of the Boomtown Rats returned his Irish honour in protest at Aung San Suu Kyi's response to the repression of Rohingya Muslims. "I don't want to be on a very select roll of wonderful people with a killer," he said. "Someone who is at best a handmaiden to genocide."

However, Geldof is also a recipient of the Order of Leopold II, one of the highest honours in Belgium, named after the king who ruled the Congo as a personal fiefdom from 1885 to…
If anything dates the sitcom Father Ted, it is the episode in which Ted accidentally insults Craggy Island's Chinese community. In the mid-1990s, the idea of a remote Irish parish having such exotic residents was even more hilariously improbable than the notion of an embezzler priest wearing a lampshade on his head. However, even now that immigrants are to be found in the smallest of rural towns, there was still a touch of "Craggy Island's Chinese community" about a regional newspaper headline last week: "Member of Carlow's Rohingya community praises Bob Geldof for his actions."

The action being welcomed was Geldof's much-mocked gesture of returning his Freeman of Dublin scroll in protest at sharing the honour with Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese leader accused…
Tammy Wynette was right — sometimes it's hard to be a woman. Ever more so, these days, when 21 parliamentarians gather in Leinster House each Wednesday to discuss abortion. It's a topic guaranteed to elicit deeply held grievances, frustration, feelings of victimhood, accusations of prejudice and spittle-licking outrage at perceived injustices, and it does — from men.

Women are in a majority of one on the joint committee on the eighth amendment to the constitution. When its work is done, all of them ought to be awarded a medal, regardless of their personal views on abortion, for their sheer endurance and dignity. For to sit in that room with a womb — or the memory of having had one — is to be subjected to a sort…
Lynam, right, at an event with James Reilly and Judith Finlay

One of the most senior officials in the National Museum of Ireland (NMI) has announced his retirement, amid allegations of bullying and sexual harassment against other staff members at the institution.

Museum staff were informed on Thursday that Seamus Lynam, the head of operations, was retiring after "40 years of service in the public sector".

The news came after Heather Humphreys, the arts and heritage minister, met the NMI's board on Thursday morning. The meeting followed media reports of allegedly inappropriate behaviour by Pat Wallace, a former NMI director, and the alleged sexual harassment of a colleague by Andy Halpin, an assistant keeper of Irish antiquities.

Asked what was the purpose of meeting with the NMI board, Humphreys's spokeswoman said it was in response to…
Housing charity Focus Ireland said up to 20 families a month were becoming newly homeless in Dublin ROLLINGNEWS.IE

A large number of "accidental landlords" may leave the market next year, putting further upward pressure on rents. Buy-to-let purchasers who availed of capital gains tax (CGT) relief between December 2011 and 2014 are also likely to begin quitting the sector in 2018, it has been warned.

In response to a consultation by the Department of Finance on the "tax and fiscal treatment of landlords", several respondents have said the departure of significant numbers of small-scale landlords is a looming problem.

Deloitte, a financial consultancy, said rising property prices meant that "negative equity" landlords would finally be able to sell next year. Landlords who bought property between December 7, 2011, and December 31, 2014, using CGT reliefs would also be able to leave in 2018…
Susan Denham, while still chief justice, warned the government last June that the new bill on judicial appointments could be referred by the president to the Supreme Court because of concerns about its constitutionality.

Minutes of a meeting involving Denham, justice minister Charlie Flanagan, attorney-general Seamus Woulfe, and the presidents of the Court of Appeal, High Court, Circuit Court and District Court show that the judges strongly criticised the government's bill. The judges are opposed to the new appointments body being chaired by a lay person, or having a lay majority on its board.

According to the Department of Justice's record of the meeting, obtained under freedom of information, Denham expressed frustration that these aspects of the bill were "simply not open for discussion". She…
Irish men are being paid 16% more than women, receiving an average of €26.20 an hour compared with €22.55 for female employees, according to figures compiled by Eurostat, the European statistics body.

The widest gender pay gap was in the trades sector where the hourly wage for men was 26% greater than for women. The trades include people working in construction, with machinery and metal, and doing craftwork.

The second-largest gender pay gap — 25% — was in the lowest-paid demographic. Men classified as having elementary occupations, such as service-industry workers, cleaners and carers, were paid an average of €18.29 an hour compared with women who received €14.65.

The gap was almost as great for clerical-support workers, with men receiving €24.24 an hour while women…
The Disclosures tribunal has been given official notes of conversations between Nóirín O'Sullivan, the former garda commissioner, and senior gardai. They outline the strategy she adopted when dealing with whistleblower Maurice McCabe at the O'Higgins Commission.

The contemporaneous records show O'Sullivan did not instruct lawyers to question McCabe's integrity. Instead she asked them to question the motivation and credibility of allegations he was making about garda colleagues.

The documents quote O'Sullivan as saying she planned to inform the Department of Justice about the issue after it entered the public domain.

The notes were taken by a chief superintendent who liaised between garda headquarters and the lawyers that represented the force at the commission's private hearings.

Peter Charleton, a Supreme Court judge who is leading the…
Eight senior ministers and six junior ministers travelled abroad last week, evoking Leo Varadkar's vision for Ireland as "a small country at the centre of the world".

Fewer than half the members of cabinet were at home while their colleagues flew around Europe, the Middle East, America, Africa and Asia.

In their absence, the government lost a Dail vote on Sinn Fein's Multi Party Action Bill, which the cabinet had decided to oppose at its meeting on Tuesday.

Varadkar rounded off the week's exodus from Merrion Street when he attended an EU summit in Gothenburg on Friday. The taoiseach was accompanied by Regina Doherty, the social protection minister, and Helen McEntee, the junior minister for European affairs.

The tanaiste Frances Fitzgerald spent most of the…
Property investor Paddy McKillen has dropped his lawsuit against Enda Farrell, a former Nama employee, but is continuing to sue former finance minister Michael Noonan, the department's former secretary-general John Moran, and Paul Hennigan, a former Nama official.

Asked why McKillen had abandoned the Dublin High Court proceedings against Farrell, who received a two-year suspended sentence last year for leaking potentially sensitive Nama documents, McKillen's spokeswoman said: "As the matter is sub judice we won't be making any comment."

McKillen issued proceedings in February 2015 against then finance minister Noonan as well as Moran, Farrell and Hennigan.

He is suing Nama in separate proceedings over the alleged leaking of information about his businesses. Some of the documents Farrell pleaded guilty to passing on contained information…
Ashley Croft, a former British army doctor, alleged the Defence Forces breached its duty of care in dispensing the anti-malarial drug Lariam to troops in Chad GETTY

The wife of a former army sergeant who is suing the state for medical negligence for giving him Lariam has claimed her husband had a "total personality change" after taking the anti-malarial drug. She said he had transformed from a pleasant man into someone who was "aggressive, intimidating" and prone to bouts of crying

Sergeant Tony Cole's case in the High Court is the first to be heard from over 50 claims filed by serving and former soldiers who allege Lariam caused long-term psychiatric and physical side-effects.

Last week Rosarie Cole, the former sergeant's wife, said her husband was known as "Cushy Cole" because of his relaxed demeanour before he was deployed to Chad in 2009. She told the court he began taking Lariam shortly…
The Hugh Lane gallery has told Dublin city council that it will increase its visitor figures by 80% over the next five years.

The north Dublin gallery, which houses several valuable impressionist art works as well as Francis Bacon's studio, has also pledged to deliver three "blockbuster" exhibitions between 2018 and 2023.

Barbara Dawson, director of the Hugh Lane, unveiled the ambitious plan at a meeting of Dublin city council's arts committee last week. The committee has provisionally approved an additional €1.2m above its standard funding for the gallery over the five-year period.

The exhibition space said it would match this with €1.2m in private funding. The gallery expects the full council to approve the additional funding at a meeting next month.

The Hugh Lane,…
The High Court judge in charge of the investigation into the sale of Siteserv to a company owned by businessman Denis O'Brien has asked for a doubling of the fees paid to the commission's barristers, writes Mark Tighe.

The taoiseach met opposition party leaders last week to brief them on judge Brian Cregan's request for increased fees. The party leaders were told the commission would not complete the investigation into Siteserv until the end of 2018, at a cost of up to €25m.

A spokesman for Leo Varadkar said: "At that meeting, concerns were expressed about the potential of significantly increased costs. These concerns are shared by the Department of the Taoiseach."

However, a spokesman for Fianna Fail suggested the party was sympathetic to Cregan's…