I enjoyed studying geography at school and now I have enrolled at the Economics Faculty.
I used to be keen on all scientific subjects but now I would prefer to study art.
I want some meet your sister when she comes to see you she sounds very nice.
My friends tell me the English exam is quite difficult but I am not worried.
The tickets, which are extremely good value, can be bought from large supermarkets.
The number of people who asked for the discount was low but grew during the summer period.
He wanted always to be a doctor and after doing medicine he now works in a hospital.
The informations they gave us was not very helpful so I consulted the website instead.
There isn’t much time, do you think we should get a taxi to the exhibition centre?.
He graduated in languages in June and is now thinking of doing a second degree in psychology.
The policeman showed us an identikit picture of the man who stole the car.
How long does it take to get at the station on foot from your house.
I was so angry that I took the broken watch to the jewellers to get my money back.
He rang me this morning to tell me that he had passed his driving test.
I will not be able to go on holiday this year unless I will get a part-time job.
It was such a nice day that they decided to have a picnic in the field.
I have not never seen anybody who rides a horse so well before.
My boyfriend always takes me to see horror films, but I do not like them.
We went to Guatemala last year as we were tired of the usual beach holiday.
After quartz, calcite is the most abundant mineral in the crust of the Earth.
Regarded as the world’s foremost linguistic theorist, Noam Chomsky continues to create new theories about language and language learning.
Whenever any area receives more water than the ground can absorb, the excess water flows to the lowest level, carrying loose mineral.
In 1935 seismologist Charles F Richter devised a numerical scale for rating the strength of earthquakes.
After the Second World War the woman wage earner became a standard part of middle-class life in the United States.
Celluloid and plastics have largely replaced genuine ivory in the manufacture of such things as buttons, billiard balls, and piano keys.
One of the tenets of New Criticism is that a critic need not tell readers what to think about a story.
The outer ear, which includes the fleshy pinna and the auditory canal, picks up and funnels sound waves toward the eardrum.
The chair may be the oldest type of furniture, although its importance has varied from time to time and from country to country.
When wood, natural gas, oil, or any other fuel burns, substances in the fuel combine with oxygen in the air to produce heat.
Deserts are arid land areas where more water is lost through evaporation than is gained through precipitation.
When goshawk chicks are young, both parents share in the hunting duties and in guarding the nest.
Not only are whales among the largest animals that ever lived, but they are also among the most intelligent.
Fish are the most ancient form of vertebrate life, and from them evolved all other vertebrates.
There are about 350 species of sharks, and although they are all carnivorous, only a few species will attack people.
In the United States, there are many holidays throughout the year.
Tomatoes grow all year long in Florida.
Even thought my aunt lost the beauty contest she is still the prettiest of all the other contestants.
The thief who stole my watch was compelled to restore it again.
i try to figure out the answer of what the function of the organization is.
The huge increase in popularity of specialty coffees has contributed to the success of Starbucks, Barney’s and other coffee purveyors.
